---
title: "Changing the \"From:\" email address to company's email address in Experience Manager Assets Brand Portal"
description: "Learn how to change the From: email address to the company's email address in Adobe Experience Manager Assets Brand Portal."
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: "Experience Manager Assets,Experience Manager"
keywords: "KCS, From, email, address, Brand Portal, asset, sent, sharing, AEM, Experience Manager"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: "https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/CQ-4201631"
bug: False
article-created-by: Tanay Sharma .
article-created-date: "6/11/2024 12:16:51 PM"
article-published-by: Tanay Sharma .
article-published-date: "6/11/2024 12:23:15 PM"
version-number: 6
article-number: KA-02700
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=b6ad0577-ec27-ef11-840b-6045bd0065b6"

---
# Changing the "From:" email address to company's email address in Experience Manager Assets Brand Portal


Adobe Experience Manager Assets Brand Portal is utilized for sharing and distributing assets. The emails are dispatched from the *no-reply@adobe.com* address. Currently, it is not possible to alter the*From:* *email address*, but this functionality is expected to be available in a future update.

## Description {#description}


### Environment

- Adobe Experience Manager
- Adobe Experience Manager Assets Brand Portal


### Issue/Symptoms

Brand Portal is used to share and distribute assets.

Email is sent from the `no-reply@adobe.com` email address.

How can the *From: email address* be changed to the company's email address?


## Resolution {#resolution}


Brand Portal is a multi-tenant setup, allowing you to set up your own *From: email address* as a feature request.

Brand Portal is hosted on Adobe data centers.

If the *From: email address*domain (for example, your email address domain) is different from where the email was routed, it would likely end up in a spam folder.

Since the *From: email address* is *noreply@adobe.com*and the initial routing mail server is also within Adobe, the email won't end up in a spam folder.

It is not currently possible to change the *From: email address* to any other address. This issue will be addressed in a future release.
