---
title: "Concept of Branding in email delivery and Landing Page"
description: "Learn how Brand configuration can be used in both email deliveries and landing pages."
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: "Campaign,Campaign Standard"
keywords: "KCS, branding, email delivery, landing page, FAQ, AC, ACS, Adobe Campaign Standard, Adobe Campaign"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Jim Menn
article-created-date: "5/20/2024 3:05:56 PM"
article-published-by: Jim Menn
article-published-date: "5/20/2024 3:09:15 PM"
version-number: 6
article-number: KA-15105
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=aa8a3b70-ba16-ef11-9f8a-6045bd006268"

---
# Concept of Branding in email delivery and Landing Page


Learn how Brand configuration can be used in both email deliveries and landing pages.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

- Campaign
- Campaign Standard




### <b>Issue / Symptoms</b>

Difference in concept of Brand configuration in email delivery and Landing Page.

Brand configuration can be used in both email deliveries and landing pages.

However, there is a difference when using branding in both.






## Resolution {#resolution}


### <b>Brand Configuration parameters in Email deliveries</b>



Linking a web tracking parameter URL associated with a brand would redirect the URL with the brand name. In email deliveries, branding is based on tracking.

For e.g. If Company ABC wants to append their company name to all the URL's included in their emails, they can define that link in the brand configuration and associate the brand with the email delivery.

Upon clicking the links in the email, the link will redirect to a URL appended with the company name.




<b>Brand Configuration parameters in Landing Page</b>


Associating a Brand to a Landing Page would only brand the original webapp/landing page name. No URL's inside the source of webapp/landing page would be branded.

This is because in landing page, there is no concept of branding.
