---
title: Analyze Memory Problems
description: Learn how to identify the cause of Java application memory issues.
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: Experience Manager
keywords: KCS,memory problems, java,outofmemory,dump
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Victoria Barnato
article-created-date: 10/19/2023 5:55:05 PM
article-published-by: Victoria Barnato
article-published-date: 10/19/2023 6:04:09 PM
version-number: 18
article-number: KA-17482
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=9b3b26a0-a86e-ee11-8df0-6045bd006793
exl-id: 48e49bcc-3d49-464e-8af9-e4292b1d6899
---
# Analyze Memory Problems


Learn how to identify the cause of Java application memory issues. You can generate a heap dump automatically and manually, and a heap histogram, to identify the cause.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

Experience Manager



### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

The JAVA application runs slower and finally runs out of memory or you see an error in the logs or in the console output `OutOfMemoryError: Java heap space` or `OutOfMemoryError: gc overhead limit exceeded`.


## Resolution {#resolution}

<b>Cause</b>
Such problems can have many causes.

One possible cause is that the java application, in our case, CRX / CQ was started from the command line with the default heap memory settings of Java. This means that the jvm parameter `-Xmx` was not specified. CRX or CQ need at least 256 MB of heap allocated to run. If this is the problem, then starting from the command line,ensure that the heap memory settings are set. Example:


```
java -Xmx512m -jar *.jar
```


If this is not the case, then your application could be retaining too many objects without releasing them for Garbage Collection. This is called a memory leak, see [here](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/webnotes/tsg/TSG-VM/html/memleaks.html) for more information. See the section below on how to analyze memory problems in java applications.
<b>Create heap dump:</b>

Generate a heap dump automatically<br>
To automatically create a heap dump when running out of memory, you can add the jvm parameter `-XX:+HeapDumpOnOutOfMemoryError` to generate a heap dump automatically when the application throws an OutOfMemoryError. For example,


```
java -Xmx256m -XX:+HeapDumpOnOutOfMemoryError -jar *.jar
```


This generates a heap dump file (`java_...hprof`) in the process's working directory whenever the java process runs out of memory. The process can continue to run after the heap dump was generated. Usually, one heap dump file is enough to analyze the problem.

<b>Note:</b> if you are using `crx-quickstart/server/start` script to start your CRX instance then you can add `-XX:+HeapDumpOnOutOfMemoryError` to the `CQ_JVM_OPTS` variable (make sure that the variable is uncommented as well). For example:


```
CQ_JVM_OPTS='-XX:+HeapDumpOnOutOfMemoryError'
```


After adding this parameter and restarting the CRX instance, verify that the new jvm option is set. Run `ps -ef | grep java` from the command-line. Then check whether you see `-XX:+HeapDumpOnOutOfMemoryError` as a parameter of the CRX java process.

If you need to specify a different directory to generate the heap dump in due to disk space restrictions, then you can add the `-XX:HeapDumpPath=/path/to/generate/heapdump` parameter to tell the jvm where to put the file.

See [here](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase/vmoptions-jsp.html#DebuggingOptions) for a reference of debugging related jvm parameters.
<b>Generate a heap dump manually</b>
<b>Sun/Oracle JVM</b>

To manually generate a heap dump, run this command (jmap and jps can be found in the `bin` folder of your jdk home directory):

1. look up the pid of the java process you are generating a heap dump for.
    - In Unix or Linux this can be done with `ps -ef | grep java` or `jps -l`
    - In Windows this can be done by opening the task manager, press `Ctrl+Shift+Esc` then go to <b>View</b> then go to <b>Select Columns </b><b>then go to</b> <b>PID (Process Identifier)</b> or `jps -l`
2. Run the jmap command below, replace `/path/to/generate/heapdumpfile.hprof` with the location you would like to generate the heap dump file, and replace `1234` with the pid that you looked up in the previous step.

    ```
    jmap -dump:format=b,file=/path/to/generate/heapdumpfile.hprof 1234
    ```


<b>IBM JVM</b>

You'll first have to change the default JVM settings regarding the Dump agents, to generate the correct dumps on user signal. There are several kinds of dumps, but you generally need the full <b>system dump</b> to perform a thorough memory analysis. Add the following arguments:

<b>`Xdump:heap:opts=PHD+CLASSIC:events=user -Xdump:system:events=user`</b>

This "user" event happening when the JVM receives the SIGQUIT (Linux, AIX&reg;, z/OS&reg;, and i5/OS&trade;) or SIGBREAK (Windows) signal from the operating system.

For more information, see the vendor's documentation [here](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/sdk-java-technology?topic=SSYKE2/earlier_releases/earlier_releases.html).

<b>Warning:</b> Heap dump files are large and can be up to the same size on disk as your max heap -Xmx jvm parameter configuration. Make sure that you have enough disk space allocated to the directory where the dump file is generated.
<b>Analyze heap dump</b>
A good tool to analyze heap dumps is [EclipseMAT (Eclipse Memory Analyzer)](https://www.eclipse.org/mat/).

This tool can't analyze <b>IBM JVM</b> generated dumps. For those, there are several possibilities. [IBM HeapAnalyzer](https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/ibm-heapanalyzer) will do well for the heap dumps in PHD or classic format.
<br>For a complete system dump analysis, use the [IBM Support Assistant Workbench](https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/node/718131), with [IBM Monitoring and Diagnostic Tools for Java - Memory Analyzer](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ztpf/2019?topic=tools-memory-analyzer) installed on top. The heap histogram is a simple measurement of the number of live objects and memory used per Java class. Unfortunately, depending on the Java installation, the required tools may not be available or may not always work. To create a heap histogram, you first need the process id of the Java process. To get it, run `ps or (if available), run:`<b>Heap Histogram</b>
The heap histogram is a simple measurement of the number of live objects and memory used per Java class. Unfortunately, depending on the Java installation, the required tools may not be available or may not always work. To create a heap histogram, you first need the process id of the Java process. To get it, run `ps` or (if available), run:


```
jps -l
```


This Java tool gets the process ids of all running Java processes. Example:


```
327 
3332 sun.tools.jps.Jps
3313 crx-quickstart-....jar
```


Now run the following command:


```
jmap -histo 3313
```


The list is sorted by total memory required (shallow: excluding referenced objects). The first 20 lines of the output are the most interesting. Example output:


```
JVM version is 1.5.0_20-141
Iterating over heap. This may take a while...
Warning: skipping invalid TLAB for thread t@62211
Warning: skipping invalid TLAB for thread t@62467
...
SizeCountClass description
-------------------------------------------------------
1059290412916byte`[` `]` 
1028584075255* ConstMethodKlass
628317658388char`[` `]` 
604230414928int`[` `]` 
4995752116201* SymbolKlass
422089675255* MethodKlass
41965126969* ConstantPoolKlass
29285606969* InstanceKlassKlass
26310086066* ConstantPoolCacheKlass
2395872149742org.apache.jackrabbit.core.query.lucene.DocId$PlainDocId
14760087003java.util.HashMap$Entry`[` `]` 
139612858172java.lang.String
107023244593java.util.HashMap$Entry
75398410036short`[` `]` 
73546454org.apache.jackrabbit.core.query.lucene.DocId`[` `]` 
7201927502java.lang.Class
64070413348com.day.crx.persistence.tar.index.IndexEntry
...
```


<b>Additional information</b>

To help analyzing the problem, we also need to know the following information:

- CRX or CQ version, including a listing of all installed hot fixes version number.
- Operating system, JVM vendor, and version.


<b>References</b>

`[` 1`]`  [Oracle Help Center `>`  Troubleshooting Guide for HotSpot VM](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/webnotes/tsg/TSG-VM/html/memleaks.html)
`[` 2`]`  [Oracle.com `>`  javas `>`  DebuggingOptions](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase/vmoptions-jsp.html#DebuggingOptions)
