---
title: "Fully qualify a support ticket for faster processing"
description: "Learn about how to provide the proper information to help support can quickly process and understand an AEM issue."
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: "Experience Manager"
keywords: "KCS, support ticket, faster processing, AEM, Adobe Experience Manager, fully qualify, faster processing, How To"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Jim Menn
article-created-date: "6/24/2024 9:23:16 PM"
article-published-by: Jim Menn
article-published-date: "6/24/2024 9:51:46 PM"
version-number: 5
article-number: KA-17494
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=8a6a8cf4-6f32-ef11-8409-000d3a5a67ba"

---
# Fully qualify a support ticket for faster processing


Whenever there’s an issue with AEM, it’s necessary to provide the following information:

- Link to the documentation describing the product feature matching your issue
- Information about the browser version, if it is related to a browser-specific issue
- JVM parameters currently applied
- Data collected using the [system information collector tool](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/support-info-collector.html) or manually (as described below)


Find more details in this article below.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

Adobe Experience Manager (AEM)

### <b>Issue</b>

What kind of information is required to fully qualify a ticket so that support can quickly process and understand an AEM issue?




## Resolution {#resolution}


### <u><b>Information to provide in the ticket</b></u>

Check and install the tool package for help on collecting information. You can find it [here](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/index/tools.html).

#### <b>Collect system information (manual method for on-premises instances):</b>

1. Version of AEM and service pack applied, the following output helps: `curl -u admin:admin http://localhost:4502/crx/packmgr/service.jsp?cmd=ls > package_list.xml` (adapt it for your login/password and host/port)
2. Apache Felix Configuration Status, under `http://localhost:4502/system/console/config/configuration-status.zip` (default installation)
3. List of files and log files on the file system (as described in the article [Analyze Persistence Problems](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/AnalyzePersistenceProblems.html))


#### <b>Other possible information to collect:</b>

1. <b>General Information</b>
    - When instructions are provided to reproduce the issue, <b>check that it works on an instance that is rebuilt based on the same instructions</b>. If you cannot reproduce it somewhere else, it could be difficult for the support team to reproduce it, too. That could be a hint that the issue needs more content or description.
    - A <b>package</b> or some clear steps with <b>screenshot</b> or <b>screen recording</b> can be useful.
    - Exact <b>timestamp</b> of when the problem was observed or a clear <b>time range</b> is also a good practice to add in the description of the issue.
2. <b>Performance-related issues</b>
    - If the issue is performance-related, provide thread dumps as described in the article [Analyze Slow and Blocked Processes](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/AnalyzeSlowAndBlockedProcesses.html). Provide at least ten thread dumps with an interval of 10 seconds.
    - If you can use `prof.jsp`, use at least a stack depth of 64 with intervals of 200 ms. Collect this data for about five minutes.
3. <b>Memory-related issues</b>    If there is a memory-related issue (out of memory message appear in your logs for example), provide the information as described in the article [Analyze Memory Problems](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-cloud-kcs/kbarticles/KA-17482.html?lang=en). Do this step for all instances in the cluster, if applicable.


#### <b>Send/attach the collected data</b>

Send all in a <b>single archive</b>. If that is too large for the ticket, please ask your support representative for an alternative solution. Provide the information in the ticket at creation, or as soon as possible after creation with the additional information and description that can help analyze the problem.

#### <b>Change the loglevel to `DEBUG` (as per the related issue)</b>

To get better quality in qualifying your ticket, use the <b>Apache Felix Webconsole</b> › <b>Configuration</b> panel. Add a Logger configuration for DEBUG messages for the different part of the code related to your issues.

For example:

- `com.day.cq.replication.impl` for replication issues
- `org.apache.sling.event.impl` for Eventing-related issues

    


Another useful information that can help resolve the issue faster is finding the package or category name for the logger by opening the bundle information in <b>Apache Felix Webconsole</b> › <b>Bundles </b>panel.
