---
title: AEM Screens - How to split content across different screens
description: Description
solution: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service,Experience Manager Screens
product: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service,Experience Manager Screens
applies-to: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service,Experience Manager Screens
keywords: KCS
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Amol Mahajan
article-created-date: 12/28/2022 9:30:25 AM
article-published-by: Amol Mahajan
article-published-date: 12/28/2022 9:46:19 AM
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-19938
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=06a9f43e-9286-ed11-81ac-6045bd006e5a
exl-id: 3d91be76-360a-4625-9ec0-90b408ff1d70
---
# AEM Screens - How to split content across different screens

## Description {#description}

<b>Environment</b>
- Experience Manager as a Cloud Service
- Experience Manager Screens



<b>Issue/Symptoms</b>
Is there any way to split the content on the Adobe Experience Manager as a Clous Service (AEM CS) Screens Player? This is different from multi-zone content. It's a scenario, where there is a video wall having more than one screen.

Does AEM Screens Player have the option to merge the displays/screens so that the same content is sliced on both screens? i.e., half the image is on one screen and the other half on the other screen.

Is there any configuration available to support such a use case on the player?


## Resolution {#resolution}

There is no such configuration available on the player side.<br>
This is something which should be handled at the operating system (OS) level. Like a virtual desktop that spans two screens. 
To spread the content across multiple screens, like using 4 FullHD panels in a 2x2 config to show an 8K image, you'd require to configure the operating system to use extended desktop (if supported). After that, when you start the player in Fullscreen, it would actually span across the 8K pixels, instead of maximizing to a single panel and be FullHD. The player content should then scale accordingly.
