---
title: "\"Flow Visualization\" visitor numbers do not match"
description: "Learn how to fix the issue where \"Flow Visualization\" visitor number does not match with number of visitors in freeform table. Use Metric Page View feature."
solution: Analytics
product: Analytics
applies-to: "Analytics"
keywords: "KCS, flow visualization, Free Form, Customer Journey Analytics, match, visitor"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Dharmender Singh
article-created-date: "1/22/2024 1:38:02 PM"
article-published-by: Dharmender Singh
article-published-date: "3/11/2024 7:10:13 PM"
version-number: 6
article-number: KA-17650
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=60433671-2bb9-ee11-a569-6045bd006149"

---
# "Flow Visualization" visitor numbers do not match


This article resolves the issue where the number of visitors displayed in the *Central drop zone* on flow visualization does not match the number of unique visitors represented in the freeform table. Use the <b>Page View </b>metric on the freeform table, and activate <b>Include repeated instances</b> on flow visualization.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

- Analytics
- Customer Journey Analytics




### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

The number of visitors displayed in the *Central drop zone* on flow visualization does not match the number of unique visitors represented in the freeform table.


## Resolution {#resolution}


1. Use the metric <b>Page View </b>on the freeform table.
2. Activate the option <b>Include repeated instances</b> in the settings on flow visualization.


### Reason

1. If a specific dimension is set in the <b>Central Drop Zone</b> on the freeform table, the path view will be displayed on an <b>Instance</b> basis with *all hits where the value of the target dimension was measured within the reporting period*. This will result in a *hit-based* path being reported instead of the *visit/visitor-based* left-side <b>Entry Drop Zone</b> and right-side <b>Exit Drop Zone</b> paths of other flow visualizations. Therefore, instead of using <b>Unique Visitors</b>, you will use a number of <b>Page Views</b>.
2. Also, the setting <b>Include Repeated Instances</b> option on the flow visualization will be an option that allows you to include or exclude instances that occur repeatedly, such as page reloads. By enabling this option, the number of visitors in the flow visualization will match the number of page views in the freeform table, since page reloads are also counted in the page view count.

