---
title: How to fetch long running workflow in ACS using workflowTask table
description: Learn how to ensure awareness of long-running workflow activities and fetch workflow task duration details in ACS.
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: Campaign Standard
keywords: KCS, workflow, Task, table, fetch long running workflow, performance, ACS
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-created-date: 6/5/2024 7:47:58 PM
article-published-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-published-date: 6/5/2024 11:03:12 PM
version-number: 8
article-number: KA-16101
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=1611127f-7423-ef11-840b-6045bd006b25
exl-id: b1cd4a2f-d1b7-4e3a-857c-243f8d15efc3
---
# How to fetch long running workflow in ACS using workflowTask table


Monitoring the duration of long-running workflow activities can help improve performance and maintain a healthy database. This article explains how to fetch long-running workflows in Adobe Campaign Standard using the *workflowTask* table.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

Campaign Standard

### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

When you set alerts for failed workflows, you may miss out on workflows that have been running for a very long time due to stuck-up activities or activities processing for days on an ACS instance. This results in degraded performance and high database consumption.


## Resolution {#resolution}


Workflow task details can be fetched from the `xtk:workflowTask` table. The *Workflow Task* table contains information related to workflow activities and their run duration.

<b>How to ensure awareness of long-running workflow activities?</b>

This can be achieved using a simple workflow. Follow the steps below to create a workflow to monitor the long-running workflow activities:

1. Create a new workflow.
2. Select a query activity.
3. Select the Resource and Targeting dimension as: `WorkflowTaskDetail (xtk:workflow task:workflowTaskDetail)`
4. Now, in the Target section, use the below queries:
    - Duration is more significant than 3600.
    - Activity name does not start with a schedule.
    - Activity name does not begin with signal.


The above workflow creation would help you fetch those activities running for more than 1 hour.

Setting an alert to this query condition can help you monitor the running workflow activities for a long duration.

<b>Note:</b> In the duration condition, set the time duration in seconds and not in minutes or hours.
