---
title: Take thread dumps from a JVM
description: Description
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: Experience Manager
keywords: KCS,JVM,thread dumps
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Amol Mahajan
article-created-date: 6/13/2023 11:40:00 AM
article-published-by: Amol Mahajan
article-published-date: 6/13/2023 12:26:06 PM
version-number: 8
article-number: KA-17452
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=ef9c6103-df09-ee11-8f6e-6045bd006079
exl-id: 9ad0fefe-b974-45d9-95b6-4a90f691f0cb
---
# Take thread dumps from a JVM

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

Experience Manager



### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

How to take thread dumps from a JVM on Linux, UNIX or Windows?

A thread dump is a list of all the Java threads that are currently active in a Java Virtual Machine (JVM).

There are several ways to take thread dumps from a JVM. It is highly recommended to take more than 1 thread dump. A good practice is to take 10 thread dumps at a regular interval (for example, one thread dump every ten seconds).


## Resolution {#resolution}


Step 1: Get the PID of your Java process



The first piece of information you will need to be able to obtain a thread dump is your Java process's PID.

The Java JDK ships with the jps command which lists all Java process ids. You can run this command like this:


```
jps -l 70660 sun.tools.jps.Jps 70305
```


<b>Note:</b> In Linux and UNIX, you may have to run this command as <b>sudo -u user jps -l</b>, where "user" is the username of the user that the Java process is running as.

If this doesn't work or you still cannot find your Java process, (path not set, JDK not installed, or older Java version), use

- UNIX, Linux, and Mac OS X: <b>ps -el | grep java</b>
- Windows: Press Ctrl+Shift+Esc to open the task manager and find the PID of the Java process


Step 2: Request a thread dump from the JVM

<b>jstack</b>

If installed/available, we recommend using the <b>jstack</b> tool. It prints thread dumps to the command line console.

To obtain a thread dump using jstack, run the following command:
<b>jstack -l `<` pid`>` </b>

You can output consecutive thread dumps to a file by using the console output redirect/append directive:
<b>jstack -l `<` pid`>`  `>` `>`  threaddumps.log</b>

Notes:

- The jstack tool is available since JDK 1.5 (for JVM on Windows, it's available in some versions of JDK 1.5 and JDK 1.6 only).
- jstack works even if the `-Xrs` jvm parameter is enabled
- It's not possible to use the jstack tool from JDK 1.6 to take threaddumps from a process running on JDK 1.5.
- In Linux and UNIX, you need to run the command as the user that owns the java process:

    <b>sudo -u *java-user* jstack -l `<` *pid`>`</b>*  

    (`<` java-user`>`  should be replaced with the id of the user that the Java process is running as)
- In Windows, if you run jstack and get the error "Not enough storage is available to process this command" then you must run jstack as the windows SYSTEM user or the user that owns the java process.  You can do this by using psexec which you can download [here](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/bb897553.aspx). To run jstack as SYSTEM user, use a command like this:

    <b>psexec -s jstack `<` *pid`>`*  `>` `>`  threaddumps.log</b>

    If you are unable to install psexec on the server, then you can create a .bat file containing the command and run it [using the Windows task scheduler (as a different user)](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc748993%28v=ws.11%29.aspx).
- If the java process isn't responding, then it can sometimes help to use the option <b>-J-d64</b> (on 64 bit systems), for example:

    <b>jstack -J-d64 -l *`<` pid`>`* `>` `>`  threaddumps.log</b>
- If the jstack command (<b>jstack -l `<` pid`>`  `>` `>`  threaddumps.log</b>) throws the error `[` 1`]`  below, then run the command as the user that owns the java process.  For example:

    sudo -u sling jstack -l `<` pid`>`  `>` `>`  threaddumps.log



```
Error attaching to process: sun.jvm.hotspot.debugger.DebuggerException: Can't attach to the process: ptrace(PTRACE_ATTACH, ..) failed for 22893: Operation not permitted

sun.jvm.hotspot.debugger.DebuggerException: sun.jvm.hotspot.debugger.DebuggerException: Can't attach to the process: ptrace(PTRACE_ATTACH, ..) failed for 22893: Operation not permitted

...

Caused by: sun.jvm.hotspot.debugger.DebuggerException: Can't attach to the process: ptrace(PTRACE_ATTACH, ..) failed for 22893: Operation not permitted

...

sun.jvm.hotspot.debugger.linux.LinuxDebuggerLocal$LinuxDebuggerLocalWorkerThread.run(LinuxDebuggerLocal.java:138)
```




JSTACK SCRIPT

Here's a [script](https://github.com/cqsupport/jstackSeries.sh/blob/master/jstackSeries.sh) (adapted from the one on [eclipse.org](http://wiki.eclipse.org/How_to_report_a_deadlock#jstackSeries_--_jstack_sampling_in_fixed_time_intervals_.28tested_on_Linux.29)) that will take a series of thread dumps using jstack.  It also takes the thread level cpu usage using top command as well.

Just run it like this:
<b>sudo -u *`<` user`>`*jstackSeries.sh `<` *pid`>`* `<` *aemserveruser`>`* `<` *count`>`* `<` *delay`>`</b>*

For example:
<b>sudo -u aemuser jstackSeries.sh 1234 aemserveruser 10 3</b>

- <b>1234</b> is the pid of the Java process
- <b>cq5serveruser</b> is the Linux or UNIX user that the Java process runs as
- <b>10</b> is how many thread dumps to take
- <b>3</b> is the delay between each dump


<b>Note: </b>The top output has the native thread id in decimal format while the jstack output has the nid in hexadecimal.  You can match the high cpu thread from the top output to the jstack output by converting the thread id to hexadecimal.

In addition to the script above, we also have a similar [Windows Powershell script and an Adobe AEM specific script on github](https://github.com/cqsupport/jstackSeries.sh).

<b>Thread Dump Tool for Adobe Experience Manager</b>

If you are using Adobe Experience Manager product then you can install [this tool](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/thread-dumps-collection-analysis.html) to have a simple UI for generating thread dumps.

### <b>ALTERNATIVE WAYS TO OBTAIN A THREAD DUMP</b>

If the <b>jstack</b> tool is not available to you then you can take thread dumps as follows:

<b>Note:</b> Some tools cannot take thread dumps from the JVM if the commandline parameter `-Xrs` is enabled. If you are having trouble taking thread dumps then please see if this option is enabled.

### UNIX, Mac OS X, and Linux (JDK 1.4 or lesser version)

On UNIX, Mac OS X, and Linux, you can send a QUIT signal to the Java process to tell it to output a thread dump to standard output.

1. Run this command to do this:

    <b>kill -QUIT *`<` pid`>`</b>*

    You may need to run this command as <b>sudo -u user kill -QUIT *`<` pid`>`</b>* where "user" is the user that the Java process is running as.
2. If you are starting CQSE using the <b>crx-quickstart/server/start</b> script then your thread dumps will be output to <b>crx-quickstart/server/logs/startup.log</b>. If you are using a third-party application server such as JBoss, WebSphere, Tomcat, or other, see the server's documentation to find out which file the standard output is directed to.


### Windows:

### JDK 1.X

1. Download javadump.exe (attached below).
2. Start the JVM with these three arguments (they must be in the right order):

    <b>-XX:+UnlockDiagnosticVMOptions -XX:+LogVMOutput -XX:LogFile=*C:\temp\jvmoutput.log</b>*
3. Press Ctrl+Shift+Esc to open the Task Manager.
4. Find the PID of the Java process.
5. From the command line, run

    <b>javadump.exe *`<` pid`>`</b>*
6. The thread dump will appear in the `jvmoutput.log` file mentioned in step 2.


### JDK 1.6

Get a thread dump from <b>jconsole</b> tool, by using a plugin: `[` 0`]`

Here's how you can request a thread dump:

1. Add the following parameter to the jvm running Communique : <b>-Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote</b>
2. Download and install JDK 1.6 (if not done yet).
3. Download and extract the [Thread Dump Analyzer utility](https://github.com/irockel/tda). `[` 1`]`
4. Run `jconsole.exe` of JDK 1.6:

                                `jconsole.exe -pluginpath /path/to/file/tda.jar`
5. Click the <b>Thread dumps</b> tab.
6. Click the <b>Request Thread Dump</b> link.


<b>Note:</b> If you are running AEM 6.\* and want to observe the running threads, you can request `http://`<` host`>` :`<` port`>` /system/console/status-Threads` to get a thread list. However, please note that these thread dumps will not work with thread dump analysis tools such as samurai or tda.

Applies to

All Adobe Products running in a JVM

Thread dump analysis tools:

`[` 0`]`  [PsExec v2.42](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/downloads/psexec) in Sysinternals in Microsoft documentation.
`[` 1`]`  [TDA - Thread Dump Analyzer](https://github.com/irockel/tda) on irockel/tda on Github.com.
`[` 2`]`  [Java Thread Dump Analyzer](https://fastthread.io/) on FastThread.
`[` 3`]`  [IBM Thread and Monitor Dump Analyzer for Java](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSLLVC_5.0.0/com.ibm.esupport.tool.tmda.doc/docs/readme.htm) on IBM Support Assistant Documentation.
