---
title: How to configure Target Workspaces in Adobe Admin Console
description: Learn how to access the Admin Console from Adobe Target, understand and configure the workspace, and add users and properties.
solution: Target
product: Target
applies-to: Target
keywords: KCS, Admin Console, Target, workspaces, configure, users, properties
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-created-date: 6/14/2024 6:11:49 PM
article-published-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-published-date: 6/14/2024 9:11:40 PM
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-17521
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=fce6818e-792a-ef11-840b-6045bd006704
exl-id: 34fa7f8b-28c5-4262-a88d-06646cb58623
---
# How to configure Target Workspaces in Adobe Admin Console


This article explains how to"

- Access the Adobe Admin Console from within the Adobe Target interface;
- Configure a Target Workspace from within the Adobe Admin Console, including how to add *Users* and *Properties* to Workspaces;
- Understand the concept of Default Workspaces


## Description {#description}


### Environment

Adobe Target

### Issue/Symptoms

This article describes how to access the Adobe Admin Console from within the Adobe Target interface; how to configure a Target Workspace from within the Adobe Admin Console, including how to add Users to Workspaces as well as how to add Properties to Workspaces; and finally, how to understand the concept of Default Workspaces.


## Resolution {#resolution}


Creating workspaces for your organization enables you to organize and group common sets of Properties, Audiences, Offers, and Activities so that only a specific set of users may gain access to them.

<b>Access Adobe Admin Console from Adobe Target</b>

It is important to first understand the interaction between Adobe Target’s interface and that of the Adobe Admin Console. There are three ways to access the Admin Console from the Target interface. The first access option exists within the gear option on the upper-right side of your screen. The second two options live within the <b>Setup</b> menu, with the Admin Console access points under “Users” and “Properties”. Meaning that no matter where you are in Adobe Target’s interface, the Admin Console is just one click away. After implementing <b>Property</b> tokens, you can then group these <b>Properties</b> into Workspaces, along with the <b>User</b> who will need access to them.

<b>Understand Workspaces</b>

One of the most common use cases is to split workspaces by geographic region, so that teams have their own separate space where their relevant Properties, Activities, Audiences, and Offers live. To set up a configuration like this, create a workspace for each of your organization’s regional teams. For example, an Americas Workspace would serve as a place where users on the company’s North and South American teams could access and collaborate on Target activities relevant to their organizational goals.

<b>Configure Workspaces</b>

1. From Target, use one of the three methods covered earlier to access the Admin Console, where you will instantly be able to view all Workspaces associated with your organization. If you have yet to create any Workspaces thus far, you will only see one Default Workspace listed (explained more below).
2. To configure an Americas Workspace, click the blue <b>New Profile</b> button above and to the right of the <b>Product Profiles</b> list.
3. On the next screen, enter the name of your Workspace. You also have the option of writing out a brief description in the field below the profile name so that users added to this Workspace can know at a glance what it contains. Once you’ve completed this step, make sure to hit the blue <b>Done</b> button below.
4. From here, you will be directed back to the Admin Console <b>Product Profile </b>list, except now, in addition to the Default Workspace, you will also see your newly configured Americas Workspace.\*


\*Remember, however, that you are currently in the Admin Console. To access this Workspace from your Target interface, you will first need to add yourself to it as a *User*.

<b>Add Users to Workspaces</b>

1. To add yourself or other users from the North and South American teams to this Workspace, click the new <b>Workspace</b> as it appears in the <b>Product Profile </b>list in the Admin Console, and then, on the blue <b>Add Users</b> button that appears on the next page.
2. If you or the user you are trying to add have already been configured as *Users*in your organization, you should be able to search by name or email address. Once you’ve identified the users to add to this Workspace, select their name from the drop-down, and then be sure to hit the blue <b>Save</b> button on the bottom right of your screen. A green pop-up will appear at the bottom of your screen to confirm the addition of a *User*.
3. From the <b>Users </b>tab within your new Workspace, set the roles associated with each user: Observer, Editor, or Approver. You can take the same steps to add other users and roles to this <b>Product Profile</b>. For example, for the Americas Workspace, you will want to add those users who work on the teams in the Americas. If you need to add a user who was not previously added to your organization, take the same steps, and that user will be invited via email with an Adobe ID.


<b>Add Properties to Workspaces</b>

1. If you have any trouble viewing a new Workspace in Target, be sure to either refresh your browser or sign out and sign back in.
2. To add specific *Properties*to your newly created <b>Product Profiles</b>, simply click the name of the Product Profile in the list within the <b>Products </b>tab.
3. From there, navigate to the <b>Permissions </b>tab, where you will see a list of *Property* channel types, indicating in the rightmost column the number of existing *Properties*in your organization that belong to each. So, for example, when you click the web channel type, you can choose which web property to include in the Americas Workspace.
4. Click the plus sign next to the *Property* name and ensure that this property moves to the included column on the right and confirm the action by hitting the blue <b>Save</b> button below.
5. Since this Workspace is being created for teams within the Americas, it should only include those properties that this team will need access to, namely, those that are based in either North or South America. From here, continue adding the appropriate properties from the other channel types to the Americas Workspace so that the Americas teams have access to the properties they work most closely with.


<b>Understand Default Workspaces</b>

While these specific Workspaces serve to contain, organize, and streamline users’ activities on Target - whether it be by region, internal organization, specialty, or anything else - *default workspaces*function as a type of catch-all environment, where anyone who has access to Target will have access to that Organization’s default workspace. It is up to the Administrator to restrict users’ access to the default workspace and instead assign those users to a Workspace that specifically concerns their work. For more on Target Workspaces, visit Target’s online community at forums.adobe.com.
