---
title: "Intermittent 503 and 409 errors in the Live Stream APIs"
description: "Learn to fix the 503 and 409 errors that occur in Adobe Analytics Live Stream APIs. Do not connect/disconnect repeatedly."
solution: Customer Journey Analytics,Analytics
product: Customer Journey Analytics,Analytics
applies-to: "Customer Journey Analytics,Analytics"
keywords: "KCS, Livestream, API, Error, Adobe Analytics, Analytics, 503, 409 error"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Amol Mahajan
article-created-date: "2/13/2024 10:53:15 AM"
article-published-by: Amol Mahajan
article-published-date: "2/13/2024 11:18:33 AM"
version-number: 5
article-number: KA-16598
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=6aee7610-5eca-ee11-9079-6045bd0065f9"

---
# Intermittent 503 and 409 errors in the Live Stream APIs


The <b>Live Stream Application Programming Interface (APIs)</b> in Adobe Analytics may sometimes encounter 503 and/or 409 errors. This usually happens when the Live Stream client connects and disconnects repeatedly. To avoid this, the client should establish a connection and continue reading from the stream without disconnecting. For more details, please refer to the article.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

- Analytics
- Customer Journey Analytics


### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

*Live Stream Application Programming Interface (APIs)* may return 503 and/or 409 errors sometimes. The reason behind these errors is described in the [troubleshooting guide](https://github.com/AdobeDocs/analytics-1.4-apis/blob/master/docs/live-stream-api/troubleshooting.md), it can happen even if *maxConnections* have been specified (409) and have regular flow of hits in the report suites (503).


## Resolution {#resolution}


This could happen mainly due to the <b>Live Stream</b> client connecting/disconnecting repeatedly. This type of client behavior will result in a myriad of issues, as both of the *load balancer* and Application Programming Interface (*API)* endpoints cannot determine whether the client has lost its connection temporarily or permanently. As per our documentation, the client should establish a connection and then continue to read from the stream without disconnecting. If the connection is lost, the client should wait <b>~60 seconds</b> (to allow the load balancer and API to recognize the severed connection) and then attempt to re-establish the connection to the API.
