---
title: "Using the brand logo in an out-of-the-box web app theme"
description: "Learn how to use the brand logo in the out-of-the-box web app theme."
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: "Campaign Classic,Campaign"
keywords: "KCS, web app, logo, brand"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Tanay Sharma .
article-created-date: "6/5/2024 10:34:13 AM"
article-published-by: Tanay Sharma .
article-published-date: "6/5/2024 10:54:21 AM"
version-number: 4
article-number: KA-14045
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=3c470526-2723-ef11-840b-6045bd0065b6"

---
# Using the brand logo in an out-of-the-box web app theme


This article describes the steps to add your brand logo in an out-of-the-box web app theme.

## Description {#description}


### Environment

Adobe Campaign Classic

### Issue/Symptoms

You want to use your brand logo in an out-of-the-box web app theme.


## Resolution {#resolution}


You can update your brand logo according to the documentation [Publish a web form](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/campaign-classic/using/designing-content/web-forms/publishing-a-web-form)in Campaign Classic v7 documentation.

Steps to add your brand logo.

1. You need to go to the <b>Properties</b> of the web app in question.
2. Go to <b>Rendering </b>`>`  click on magnifying glass icon next to the chosen theme `>`  <b>Page layout </b>`>` change the path in the Image field.
3. The images are available under <b>Administration</b> `>`  <b>Configuration</b> `>`  <b>Images</b>. You can add your logo here.


These images are placed in the back-end directory of the instance `datakit\nms\fra\img\activities` or `datakit\nms\eng\img\activities` (eng or fra, depending on the language of the instance).

To have a new image available in this directory (and in Images), contact Adobe support to make changes to the backend directories.

For on-premises instances, you can add images to the datakit yourself.

The uploaded image doesn't have to be visible from the Campaign Client. The correct path is enough to use as a new logo.
