---
title: No images in transactional email
description: Learn how to fix the Adobe Campaign Classic issue where images don't display in transactional emails sent from the Message Center.
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: Campaign Classic,Campaign
keywords: 'KCS,transactional  images '
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-created-date: 6/12/2024 3:47:52 PM
article-published-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-published-date: 6/12/2024 6:07:08 PM
version-number: 4
article-number: KA-15140
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=fcc2e61c-d328-ef11-840b-0022480a40c2
exl-id: 53caef5d-8d08-4597-8b06-97900bca9675
---
# No images in transactional email


This article explains how to fix the Adobe Campaign Classic issue where images don't display in transactional emails sent from the Message Center.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

- Campaign Classic
- Campaign




### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

- Images don't display in transactional emails sent from the Message Center. The error message in the email says *The linked image cannot be displayed*, and a red cross shows.
- The image URLs are visible in the <b>Tracking&Images </b>tab of the delivery template with the status Skipped (do not put online).
- Images are visible if the message is sent as proof.
- The image is uploaded to the Public resources, and when the image URL is pasted in a browser, the image can be displayed.



## Resolution {#resolution}






Check the HTML source code of the email delivery and verify the image URLs to see where the images are hosted and if the URL corresponds with the public resource URL of the instance.



Proofs for transactional messages are sent directly from the marketing instance; they don't go through the Message Center, so the fact that Proof is ok is irrelevant.



If image URLs don't match, update them correctly in the transactional message template and republish the template to the Message Center.



### <b>Cause</b>

When a template is developed in stage and imported to the production environment without changing the URLs, and the URLs do not match the published URL, the images don't show correctly in the email.
