---
title: "Can Profile Scripts be used to build up audiences based on click event?"
description: "Learn how to use Profile Scripts to be able to build audiences based on the collected data in Adobe Target."
solution: Target
product: Target
applies-to: "Target"
keywords: "KCS, Profile Scripts, Click Events, Adobe Target, build up audiences, onclick"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Utkarsh Jha
article-created-date: "2/5/2024 12:10:35 PM"
article-published-by: Utkarsh Jha
article-published-date: "4/1/2024 9:31:08 AM"
version-number: 4
article-number: KA-14550
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=a16c748c-1fc4-ee11-9079-6045bd0065f9"

---
# Can Profile Scripts be used to build up audiences based on click event?


Explore this article to learn how to use Profile Scripts to track click events on the page and be able to build audiences based on the collected data in Adobe Target.

## Description {#description}


### Environment

Adobe Target

### Issue/Symptoms

How to use Profile Scripts to track click events on the page and be able to build audiences based on the collected data.


## Resolution {#resolution}


<b>Solution steps</b>
Keep in mind that Profile Scripts run on Target server-side, this means they have no visibility of client-side events (events that happen in the user browser) unless the browser makes a call to Target passing the relevant data.

1. So if you want to run a profile script on a click event you have to add a `getOffer()` or `trackEvent()` function to listen to the onclick event.
2. In the `trackEvent()` you can pass any necessary data as parameters within the request.
3. Then in the profile script you should add logic that only runs the script when the specific request being tracked (onclick event) is executed.
4. Take any of the applicable data and read/store/parse it as needed.


As an example, by using this code on a webpage:

`<a href="#" onclick="adobe.target.trackEvent({mbox:'dataCapture', params:{'param1':'value1'}});">click here</a>`

The example profile script can look for an mbox named `dataCapture` (or any other mbox name you have defined), then it could read my <b>param1</b> value for further utilization, e.g.:


```
if (mbox.name == 'dataCapture') {
```


`    var x = mbox.param('param1'); `

`    return x; `

`}`

The profile script value (<b>param1</b>) can then be used to create an audience rule.

Please note the code above is only a sample, make sure your code logic surfaces the requirements of your use case.
