---
title: Error "Maximum value in temporary schema reached"
description: Description
solution: Campaign,Campaign Classic v7,Campaign v8
product: Campaign,Campaign Classic v7,Campaign v8
applies-to: Campaign Classic,Campaign,Campaign Classic v7,Campaign v8
keywords: KCS,temporary schema, irecprocstate_seq
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Krunal Oza
article-created-date: 1/13/2023 9:48:33 AM
article-published-by: Krunal Oza
article-published-date: 1/13/2023 10:03:21 AM
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-19394
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=e0730e70-2793-ed11-aad1-6045bd006793
exl-id: 0a6f4988-8edc-4816-bb3f-05236c39cf8e
---
# Error "Maximum value in temporary schema reached"

## Description {#description}

<b>Environment</b>
Temporary Schema has reached the max value in sequence and shows the below error:

    writer    pient R2 ON (R2.iRecipientId = R1.iRecipientID) ON (R2.sEmail = R3.sEmail)' could not be executed.

writer    5, AddDays(GetDate() , 1), W0.iId1, W0.iType, W0.iStatus, W0.tsCreated, W0.mQuarantineText, W0.iQuarantineReason, W0.iId FROM wkfxxxxx_xxxx_1 W0  JOIN NmsRecipient R3 ON (R3.iRecipientId = W0.iId) LEFT JOIN SsgRecipientsProfile R1  LEFT JOIN NmsReci

writer    WDB-200001 SQL statement 'INSERT INTO wkfxxxxx_4968_1 (iRecTrnState, iPKey1, iPKey_1, iFldxxxxxx, tsFldxxxxxx, iSrc7, iSrc6, iSrc5, tsSrc4, mSrc3, iSrc2, iSrc1) SELECT   0, case when W0.iId  0 then W0.iId else NULL end, R1.iRecipientID, 14

writer    PGS-220000 PostgreSQL error: ERROR:  nextval: reached maximum value of sequence "wkfxxxxx_xxxx_1_irecprocstate_seq" (xxxxx)


## Resolution {#resolution}


the steps given below were investigated:

- The workflow in question updates without any relation/reconciliation with the table's primary key causing the issue.
- The same table inserts data when the recipient is manually supplied in the workflow.
- The sequence name in the workflow logs is misleading as it shows a temporary sequence. We can confirm that the temp sequence is not exhausted.
- The solution for changing the data type to int64 bit will work in this workflow, but the corresponding INSERT workflows will start to fail. So that is not an option.
- Since the ID of the NMS: the recipient Table is used to populate the SSG: recipients profile table, adding a new column called Primary key and assigning a sequence will not work.


The solutions :

- Introduce a JOIN / Reconciliation based on the `recipientID` field in the failing workflow
- Explore the idea of introducing a negative sequence in the recipient table. It might still not resolve the current issue with the Update.
- Move the OOB recipient table from 32 bit to 64 bit – this is not possible due to code limitations in Campaign V6/V7. They are planned for V8 already.




<b><u>Cause:</u></b>  Custom Feature
