---
title: "ACS Question Regarding ACS Profile API"
description: "Learn about the insertion of many profiles via the Adobe Campaign Standard (ACS) Profile API."
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: "Campaign,Campaign Standard"
keywords: "KCS, ACS, Adobe Campaign Standard, Profile API, FAQ, AC, Adobe Campaign"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Jim Menn
article-created-date: "5/20/2024 9:37:42 PM"
article-published-by: Jim Menn
article-published-date: "5/20/2024 9:40:13 PM"
version-number: 4
article-number: KA-16022
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=2887172d-f116-ef11-9f8a-6045bd006268"

---
# [ACS] Question Regarding ACS Profile API


Learn about the insertion of many profiles via the Adobe Campaign Standard (ACS) Profile API.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environments</b>

- Adobe Campaign (AC)
- Adobe Campaign Standard (ACS)




### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

Some questions on the insertion of many profiles via the ACS Profile API:

- Are there any throttling mechanisms if too many calls are made?
- Are there any recommendations on the max number of parallel requests?
- Do these calls count towards engine calls per day?
- Any other concerns with doing mass profile creation via API?


The best practice is to go with ETL activities via workflows. Are there any limitations to going with the API route?


## Resolution {#resolution}


See the Product Description page for the API calls allowance ([https://helpx.adobe.com/legal/product-descriptions/campaign-standard.html](https://helpx.adobe.com/legal/product-descriptions/campaign-standard.html) ); otherwise, see the response below.



- Are there any throttling mechanisms if too many calls are made?


There are none. The customer has to do it on its side.

- Are there any recommendations on the max number of parallel requests?


See the [Product Description page](https://helpx.adobe.com/legal/product-descriptions/campaign-standard.html#)for the max engine calls per second. Note that it is not enforced.

- Do these calls count towards engine calls per day?


Yes, they do.

- Any other concerns with doing mass profile creation via API?


It all depends on how you do it. A `business’functional` call results in at least 2 API calls (1 get and 1 post or patch). So using API to build a load profile is not the best way to inject a profile for a large volume. Look at the MS Dynamic connector; it takes 8 to 9 hours to inject millions of records using the API. From an architecture point of view, ACS APIs aren’t viable for large volumes in regular manners. Move to file injection and run a workflow every 30 minutes if required.
