---
title: ACC AEP SDK Logon-Logoff
description: Learn how to manage push notification subscriptions efficiently using AEP or Neolane SDK.
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: Campaign Classic,Campaign
keywords: KCS, ACC, AEP, SDK, Logon-Logoff
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Eshaa Tiwari
article-created-date: 5/6/2024 1:30:32 PM
article-published-by: Eshaa Tiwari
article-published-date: 5/6/2024 2:23:43 PM
version-number: 4
article-number: KA-16023
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=d17ca6ca-ac0b-ef11-9f8a-6045bd006793
exl-id: 0dd025da-8632-42e2-914e-b2aa72c33536
---
# ACC AEP SDK Logon-Logoff


Explore the intricacies of managing push notification subscriptions with AEP or Neolane SDK.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

- Campaign Classic
- Campaign


### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

In general, we integrate the *AEP*or *Neolane SDK*to execute the `setPushIdenfitier` or `registerDevice` method to register the token in the campaign and reconcile it to a recipient using a clientId.
  
 If a user only wants to send push notifications to subscribers linked to a profile. In that case, it should be easily achievable by using profiles as filtering dimensions in their workflows. But there is a use case.

A user could log off, and then it should stop receiving notifications. And later, they could log in with a different account on the same mobile. We believe the `registrationToken` (in Android at least) is valid from the installation of the app.
  
 We haven’t found any API reference in the *AEP SDK*to delete or invalidate the `registrationToken`, so how can we achieve this use case? Not sure if we can emulate it by invoking the `setPushIdentifier` or `registerDevice` again or if this has to be handled with the `AuthenticationState` within the mobileApp code.
  
 How should it be done?


## Resolution {#resolution}


This scenario is common to a certain extent. During the logoff, they should send the same API used to register the *Customer Id*, but emptying it, the field `userKey` will be empty, and the link to the recipient will be cut. That can be done in the login with a `userKey` populated with a *Customer ID*linked to Recipient/Profile. After logout, the `Userkey` will be emptied.

The Mobile app needs to make a call to ACC on User logout/login to update this info on ACC. We can have a custom boolean field that we use as a flag to identify if an app subscriber is logged in or logged out.
