---
title: "Dynamic Media Classic: Password reset - Locked user account"
description: Learn how to solve the Dynamic Media Classic app in Adobe Experience Manager issue where you can't login, have a locked user account, and need a password reset.
solution: Dynamic Media Classic,Experience Manager
product: Dynamic Media Classic,Experience Manager
applies-to: "Dynamic Media Classic,Experience Manager"
keywords: "KCS, AEM, DMC, Dynamic Media Classic, User Account, Adobe Experience Manager, Troubleshooting, temporary password, locked"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Jim Menn
article-created-date: "11/16/2023 2:07:27 PM"
article-published-by: Jim Menn
article-published-date: "11/16/2023 2:30:06 PM"
version-number: 5
article-number: KA-17462
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=813f0873-8984-ee11-8179-6045bd006268"

---
# Dynamic Media Classic: Password reset - Locked user account


If you can't login to your Dynamic Media Classic in Adobe Experience Manager account, click on *Forgot your password?* and a temporary password will be emailed to you.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

- Adobe Experience Manager (AEM)
- Dynamic Media Classic (DMC)




### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

- How does a user account get unlocked?
- After how long does an account get unlocked after being locked?
- The message says "User locked out. Too many invalid login attempts." How can one log in?
- If unable to log in with a valid password after some invalid attempts. How to log in?
- How to retrieve or reset the Dynamic Media Classic (DMC) Password?



## Resolution {#resolution}


<b>Duration of Lock</b>

The system automatically unlocks the account after one hour if you do not attempt to login between this period. To unlock your account, please click on the link *Forgot your password*on the Dynamic Media Classic desktop app's login screen. ([Adobe Dynamic Media Classic Desktop app | Adobe Experience Manager](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/dynamic-media-classic/using/new-ui-2020.html?lang=en)) The system will immediately unlock your account and send an email with the new temporary password. You can use this password to login to the system.



<b>Locked Out</b>

Once you get the error *User locked out. Too many invalid login attempts* or you are not able to login with your valid password after some invalid attempts, you can either wait one hour for your account to be available again, or try out the steps below to reset your password:

1. Click on *Forgot your password?* and it will prompt for your email – enter the valid email and you should get an email with the temporary password.
2. Copy the temporary password from the email (without any space or gap) and login – it will prompt you to change your password.
3. Once the password has been changed, the new password becomes your password which you will be using every day.


<b>Reset Password</b>

You can reset your password by following these steps:

1. Click on *Forgot your password?* and it will prompt for your email – enter the valid email and you should get an email with the temporary password.
2. Copy the temporary password from the email (without any space or gap) and login – it will prompt you to change your password.
3. Once the password has been changed, the new password becomes your password which you will be using every day.

