---
title: How to link an advertiser to Adobe Analytics in Google SA360?
description: Learn to fix the link of an advertiser to Adobe Analytics.
solution: Analytics
product: Analytics
applies-to: Analytics
keywords: KCS
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Zita Rodricks
article-created-date: 11/9/2023 4:41:34 PM
article-published-by: Zita Rodricks
article-published-date: 11/16/2023 3:44:58 PM
version-number: 8
article-number: KA-16811
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=4b21d7d5-1e7f-ee11-8179-6045bd006b3d
exl-id: 1e4436a1-f0af-4282-b76d-a42ef3ee161e
---
# How to link an advertiser to Adobe Analytics in Google SA360?


Learn how to fix the error of an advertiser in Google SA360, by creating an OAuth integration in Adobe I/O Console.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

- Customer Journey Analytics
- Analytics




### <b>Issues/Symptoms</b>

How to link an advertiser to Adobe Analytics in Google SA360?


## Resolution {#resolution}


Here’s the overall process for linking an advertiser:

1. Create an OAuth integration in Adobe I/O Console. Search Ads 360 uses this integration to receive authorization for downloading reporting data from Adobe Analytics.
2. In Search Ads 360, enable the Conversion API and the Adobe Analytics integration.


Create an OAuth integration in Adobe I/O Console which require special permissions. In Adobe Analytics, your account needs permission to create an OAuth integration in Adobe I/O Console. How to create an OAuth integration

1. Sign into Adobe I/O Console to start [creating an OAuth Integration](https://developer.adobe.com/developer-console/docs/guides/#!AdobeDocs/adobeio-auth/master/AuthenticationOverview/OAuthIntegration.md).
2. Navigate to the Integrations tab, and then click New integration.
3. Select Access an API.
4. Select Adobe Analytics and OAuth Integration.
5. In the form, enter the following information:
    - Integration name: Enter a name that’s meaningful to you. Consider using the following pattern: Search Ads 360 advertiser name
    - Integration description: Enter a short description of the integration
    - Platform: Web
    - Default redirect URI: `https://searchads.google.com/ds/oauth_redirect`
    - Redirect URI pattern: `https://searchads\\.google\\.com`
6. Click Create integration.
7. Copy the API Key (Client ID) and Client secret and store them in a secure location. You’ll need the ID and secret to link Search Ads 360 to this application.
    - Enable the Conversion API and the Adobe Analytics integration
    - Special permissions required
    - In Search Ads 360, your Google account needs agency manager or advertiser manager permission.


How to enable the integration

1. In Search Ads 360, navigate to an advertiser.
2. Steps for navigating to an advertiser
3. In the left navigation panel, click Advertiser settings.    Don’t see Advertiser settings? Only Search Ads 360 agency managers or advertiser managers can see Advertiser settings in the left navigation panel.
4. Turn on the Conversion API (this is required to enable Adobe Analytics support):
    - Click the Integrations▼ tab and select Conversion API.
    - Toggle Conversion API to On.
    - Click Save.
5. Link Search Ads 360 with an Adobe Analytics property:
    - Click the Integrations▼ tab and select Adobe Analytics integration.
    - Next to Adobe Analytics Integration, click the settings icon ( ).
    - Toggle Adobe Analytics integration to On.
    - In Application client ID, enter the API Key (Client ID) you generated for your Adobe I/O Console integration.
    - In Application secret, enter the client secret you generated for your Adobe I/O Console integration.
    - In Company name, enter the name of you organization (company).
    - Click Authorize and enter your Adobe ID and password in the Adobe login window.
    - After you see the authorization confirmation, close the window, and then click Save.


Search Ads 360 starts connecting to your Adobe I/O Console integration. When the connection succeeds, the edit panel closes and a note appears in the notification center. If the connection doesn’t succeed, the edit panel displays an error message. Make sure you entered the correct application ID and secret.

Reauthorize Search Ads 360 every 14 days Currently, you are required to reauthorize Search Ads 360 to download reporting data from Adobe Analytics every 14 days.

1. In the left navigation panel, click Advertiser settings.
2. Click the Integrations▼ tab and select Adobe Analytics integration.
3. Click Authorize and enter your Adobe ID and password in the Adobe login window.
4. After you see the authorization confirmation, close the window, and then click Save.
