---
title: "Campaign Classic V7 - Function unescapexmlvalue missing after database upgrade"
description: Description
solution: Campaign,Campaign Classic v7
product: Campaign,Campaign Classic v7
applies-to: "Campaign Classic,Campaign,Campaign Classic v7"
keywords: "KCS,OOB function missing after instance or database upgrade"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: "Found and solved in - E-000156988"
bug: False
article-created-by: Marta Zator
article-created-date: "5/5/2022 10:22:25 AM"
article-published-by: Marta Zator
article-published-date: "5/5/2022 10:23:28 AM"
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-15875
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=2ac02441-5dcc-ec11-a7b5-6045bd00dbbc"

---
# Campaign Classic V7 - Function unescapexmlvalue missing after database upgrade

## Description


<b>unEscapeXmlvalue()</b> function missing and workflows going into error after the upgrade.

*17/06/2020 04:02:09    enrich22    matches the given name and argument types. You might need to add explicit type casts. 
<br>17/06/2020 04:02:09    enrich22    PGS-220000 PostgreSQL error: ERROR:  function unescapexmlvalue(character varying) does not exist LINE 1: ...W0.sDocumentNumber, W0.tsSchedulingContact, NULL, UnescapeXm...                                                               HINT:  No function* 

 Might be caused by an incomplete or corrupt database engine upgrade.


## Resolution


Check the postgres SQL script that has the OOB functions under administrationconfigurationSQL scripts.

It's generally the script. <b>xtk:postgresql-functions.sql</b>

Locate the piece of SQL code that's creating the missing function like :

*-- UnescapeXmlValue: unescape value coming from NodeValue*

*--  NodeValue('/path', 'pathvalue/path') will return 'path!CDATAvalue/path'
<br>--  this function will extract 'value' (casting the value from NodeValue in varchar will return
<br>--   'value' in xml escaped form, and there is no easy way to unescape that using postgres)
<br>create or replace function UnescapeXmlValue(text) returns text as '
<br>declare
<br>  pos int;
<br>begin
<br>  pos = position(''!CDATA'' in $1);
<br>  if pos  1
<br>  then
<br>    -- the value starts at pos + length(!CDATA)
<br>    -- length is total length minus:
<br>    -- - size of starting tag (pos - 1);
<br>    -- - size of closing tag (starting tag with / = pos);
<br>    -- - size of !CDATA (9) and  (3)
<br>    return substring($1 from pos + 9 for (char_length($1) - 2 \* pos - 11));
<br>  end if;
<br>  return $1;
<br>end;*



Now create a new SQL function under SQL scripts with only this piece of SQL statement .

And execute it .

This should create the missing function on the Database again.

Note : Please do not run the entire SQL script <b>:postgresql-functions.sql </b>again as some existing functions might drop.

The same solution can be applied for other missing OOB functions as well.


