---
title: "Album post splits into separate posts on Facebook"
description: "Learn why an album post comprising two photos splits into separate posts on Facebook. This is cause by a limitation in Facebook’s API."
solution: 
product: 
applies-to: ""
keywords: "KCS, facebook, Album post splits, "
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-created-date: "1/12/2024 7:53:54 PM"
article-published-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-published-date: "1/12/2024 8:29:43 PM"
version-number: 4
article-number: KA-17529
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=2555394e-84b1-ee11-a569-6045bd006a22"

---
# Album post splits into separate posts on Facebook


An album post from Social comprising two photos splits into two separate posts in Facebook. The article describes the limitation in Facebook's API which causes this issue.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

Social

### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

Why does an album post containing two photos split into separate posts on Facebook?


## Resolution {#resolution}

<b>Reason:</b>
The album posts from Social appear as a single post of an album on Facebook when three or more photos are included. But in an album post which contains only two photos, the post always appears as two separate posts.

The split of the album into two posts is caused by a Facebook's Application Programming Interface (API) limitation. Facebook does not provide an API to post an album. Social sends the individual photos and Facebook generates an auto-post (an aggregated album post) from the photos to create the album and aggregated album post.

Social moderation pulls the individual photo posts back into the system. In the analytics reports, they appear as individual photos.

In summary, a Facebook album post of only two photos from Social never aggregates as an album on Facebook. You must have three or more photos in the Social post for it to work. Sometimes, Facebook may still break an intended album of three or more photos into separate posts by failing to aggregate them, but it is less likely.
