---
title: "How to setup Amobee Destination and use cases"
description: "Learn how to setup Amobee Destination and use cases"
solution: Audience Manager
product: Audience Manager
applies-to: "Audience Manager"
keywords: "KCS, Amobee Destination, Audience Manager, Setup"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: "https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=MCPI&title=Turn+Amobee+-+AAM+Destination"
bug: False
article-created-by: Zita Rodricks
article-created-date: "4/30/2024 2:49:03 PM"
article-published-by: Zita Rodricks
article-published-date: "4/30/2024 2:54:08 PM"
version-number: 6
article-number: KA-13946
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=3c9fbec2-0007-ef11-9f8a-6045bd026dc7"

---
# How to setup Amobee Destination and use cases


Learn how to setup Amobee Destination and use cases with these additional steps that need to be followed to complete the setup.

## Description {#description}


### Environment
<br>Adobe Audience Manager<br>
### Issue/Symptoms

How to setup Amobee Destination using a new approach and a few use cases


## Resolution {#resolution}


Amobee Integration has been updated recently, and additional steps need to be followed to complete this setup.

While requesting for this destination setup, provide the following information to the consultant:

1. Organization Details

2. Amobee Seat ID

3. Amobee Advertiser ID (if any)

4. Amobee Data Provider ID (if any)

5. AAM segment IDs and Names to be shared with Amobee

6. Existing Amobee Contract ID (if any)

<b>Steps to be completed by the consultant</b>:

1. Prepare Config and Taxonomy files.
2. Upload the files into Amobee's FTP server as per the configurations available in the above said document.
3. Allow 2-3 hours to receive a notification from Amobee.


- If it is a success, take the URL to complete the destination setup.
- If it is a failure, correct the errors and re-upload the files to follow the same steps.


<b>Working with Existing destinations</b>: Check with Amobee's representative for the given client and get current taxonomy file and contract details.

- If there is access to legacy Amobee destination (prior to the new setup) then upload the taxonomy file in the format `23653917_[ EXISTING_CONTRACT_ID] _taxonomy.xls`.
- If the setup is done with new method, and one is unaware of the name of first config file, then get in touch with Amobee representative to find out the uploaded file name using which fresh taxonomy file will be sent to Amobee.


<b>Points to remember:</b>

1. The whole process takes 3-4 days time, so ensure that you provide correct set of details to the consultant.

2. If there is any existing Amobee contract which needs to be re-used, supply that information as well.
