---
title: '"formAlreadySubmitted" and "datatypeMessage" messages not translated from English'
description: Learn about the Adobe Experience Manager issue where messages are not internationalized.
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: Experience Manager
keywords: KCS, AEM, Adobe Experience Manager, formAlreadySubmitted, datatypeMessage, not translated from English, FAQ
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: true
article-created-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-created-date: 6/18/2024 10:04:39 PM
article-published-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-published-date: 6/18/2024 10:19:14 PM
version-number: 6
article-number: KA-19329
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=623a0fbf-be2d-ef11-840a-000d3a5b439f
exl-id: 92f944af-7fe9-48ab-8865-bbe01bb0c23e
---
# "formAlreadySubmitted" and "datatypeMessage" messages not translated from English


This article talks about the AEM issue where an error message is not internationalized to the intended audience's language.  This known issue was fixed in AEM 6.5 Service Pack 16.

## Description {#description}


### Environment

Adobe Experience Manager (AEM)

### Issue

The issue is that the error message: *Invalid date - The value must be of date datatype* is in English even if it should be in German (the user's browser language in this instance).

On checking the German clientlib: `/libs/fd/af/runtime/clientlibs/I18N/de/javascript/LogMessages.js` we see that the message is in English, and further has a placeholder {0} which means that part of the message is dynamic.

On checking the function which replaces the placeholder (`EnglishMessage03.JPG`), we can see that the value "date" is hardcoded and in English, making it hardly translatable.

<u>Steps to reproduce</u>:

- Check German or any other language except English clientlib: `/libs/fd/af/runtime/clientlibs/I18N/de/javascript/LogMessages.js`
- See that "*formAlreadySubmitted*" and "*datatypeMessage*" messages are in English.


<u>Expected Behavior</u>:

The messages should be translated into the proper language.

<u>Experienced Behavior</u>:

The messages are in English.

<u>Environment Details</u>:

- Affected versions: AEM 6.5.12
- Tested versions: AEM 6.5.12



## Resolution {#resolution}


This known issue was fixed in AEM 6.5 Service Pack 16.
