---
title: AEM redirects back to http when accessed through SSL/TLS terminated Load Balancer
description: Learn how to resolve the AEM issue where you are redirected back to http when accessing AEM through SSL/TLS terminated Load Balancer.
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: Experience Manager
keywords: KCS, AEM redirects back to http,  SSL/TLS terminated Load Balancer
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 'Helpx Link: https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/AEM-redirecting-back-to-http-on-accessed-via-SSL-terminated-Load-Balancer.html'
bug: false
article-created-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-created-date: 4/6/2024 1:02:31 AM
article-published-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-published-date: 4/6/2024 1:18:10 AM
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-16936
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=0e02b555-b1f3-ee11-904b-0022480a40c2
exl-id: 52e50c09-67f2-46a2-90a7-df769d76a0dd
---
# AEM redirects back to http when accessed through SSL/TLS terminated Load Balancer


This article discusses the Experience Manager issue where you are redirected from *https* to *http*when trying to access it through an SSL terminated Load Balancer (or SSL terminated CDN).

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

Experience Manager

### <b>Issues/Symptoms</b>

When accessing AEM through an SSL terminated Load Balancer (or SSL terminated CDN), then AEM redirects back from https to http.

SSL termination at the load balancer means that the SSL certificates are installed in the load balancer. The end user accesses the site through https://, and the Dispatcher/Web Server and AEM are accessed on the back end with http://.




## Resolution {#resolution}


To fix the issue:

<b>I.Update Dispatcher /clientheaders configuration</b>

Refer to the documentation of your load balancer to find out which header it sets to notify downstream systems that it terminated SSL. For simplicity, in these steps we assume that the correct HTTP header is "*X-Forwarded-Proto: https*"

1. Log in to the dispatcher server.
2. Open the dispatcher farm .any configuration.
3. Add the header to the /clientheaders section.


If you are using dispatcher without a load balancer or if your load balancer or proxy fails to set the *X-Forwarded-Proto* header, then you can set it at the web server or dispatcher level. If you are using *Apache HTTP* Server, then update your *HTTPS VirtualHost* with this directive:


| 1 | `RequestHeader ` `set` `X-Forwarded-Proto ` `"https"` |
| --- | --- |


<b>II. Update the Header Configurations:</b>

1. Go to `http://host:port/system/console/configMgr/org.apache.felix.http.sslfilter.SslFilter`, and log in as administrator.
2. Set *SSL* forward header to *X-Forwarded-Proto.*
3. Set *SSL* forward value to *https*.
4. Click <b>Save</b>.


<b>Note:</b>

There is no standard for reverse proxy headers that tell the back end which protocol is used. However, here are some that are known:

- Amazon ELB (Elastic Load Balancer) uses the "X-Forwarded-Proto: https" header.
- Amazon Cloudfront CDN uses "X-Cloudfront-Proto: https" header.


<b>III. Update the Jetty OSGi Configuration (AEM 6.3 and later versions)</b>

On AEM 6.3 and later versions, there is an additional configuration required:

- Log in to `http://aem-host:port/system/console/configMgr/org.apache.felix.http.`
- Enable the setting <b>Enable Proxy/Load Balancer Connection</b>, and save it.


### Cause

Different load balancers send different headers to notify the back end systems that *SSL*is terminated upstream. For example, [Amazon ELB uses the header "X-Forwarded-Proto: https"](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/classic/x-forwarded-headers.html#x-forwarded-proto).
