---
title: How to reindex a synchronous AEM index | AEM, Oak
description: Learn how to reindex a synchronous AEM index by sending the indexing to a background thread.
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: Experience Manager
keywords: KCS, how to, Adobe Experience Manager, reindex, synchronous AEM index, Oak
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 'Helpx Link: helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/how-to-reindex-a-synchronous-AEM-index-AEM-Oak.html'
bug: false
article-created-by: Amol Mahajan
article-created-date: 6/4/2024 9:59:20 AM
article-published-by: Amol Mahajan
article-published-date: 6/4/2024 10:04:41 AM
version-number: 5
article-number: KA-16460
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=940b1517-5922-ef11-840b-6045bd006704
exl-id: 1209609f-84a9-4810-b7c8-1193b09f82d7
---
# How to reindex a synchronous AEM index | AEM, Oak


To reindex an synchronous AEM index, you could simply set the reindex property to <b>*true</b>*. However, this may cause an Oak instance to hang in which case you need to send the indexing to a background thread. This article explains how.

## Description {#description}


### Environment

Adobe Experience Manager



### Issue/Symptoms

How do I properly reindex a synchronous Oak index without causing downtime?


## Resolution {#resolution}


Reindexing a synchronous index by simply setting reindex property to *true* results in a synchronous operation which can cause an Oak instance to hang.

To avoid this situation, send indexing to a background thread. Follow the steps below:

<b><u>Step 1: Reindex in a background thread</u></b>

1. Set the following properties from <b>CRXDE Lite</b> on the index definition for the property index to be enabled for async indexing:<br>    


    ```
    /oak:index/<property index>
    reindex=true
    reindex-async=true
    ```


2. To validate that the above refresh the node, `async="async-reindex"` should be set.
3. Invoke the `startPropertyIndexAsyncReindex` on the `PropertyIndexAsyncReindex` MBean.<br>    


    This would start the background job which would search for such types of indexes.
    


    Post invocation you should see a log line reindexing will be performed...
4. Once the re-indexing is complete, the reindex flag would be reset to *false*.
5. Re-invoke step 3 to change back the index to a sync index. If async flag is not deleted, then the Mbean may have to be invoked multiple times (this may happen if there are changes happening concurrently affecting this index.).
    


    <b>Note:</b> Only the `async="async-reindex"` will be removed as that controls which thread the indexing will happen on.

    The `reindex-async` property is just a configuration flag which will not change automatically.

    The idea is that you'd set it once for the specific index definitions controlling all future reindexing.

    That is then expected that it stay in there and then you won't need to touch it again.


<b><u>Step 2: Remove the reindexing checkpoint (AEM 6.2 and older versions only)</u></b>

During the process of async reindexing, a repository checkpoint is created.
Once the indexing task has completed, it must be released as described below, to ensure smooth Revision Garbage Collection later on:

1. First, open the <b>CheckpointManager</b> MBean:<br>    
    On MongoMK - [`/system/console/jmx/org.apache.jackrabbit.oak%3Aname%3DDocument+node+store+checkpoint+management%2Ctype%3DCheckpointManger`](http://localhost:4502/system/console/jmx/org.apache.jackrabbit.oak%3Aname%3DDocument+node+store+checkpoint+management%2Ctype%3DCheckpointManger)
    
    On TarMK - [`/system/console/jmx/org.apache.jackrabbit.oak%3Aname%3DSegment+node+store+checkpoint+management%2Ctype%3DCheckpointManger`](http://localhost:4502/system/console/jmx/org.apache.jackrabbit.oak%3Aname%3DSegment+node+store+checkpoint+management%2Ctype%3DCheckpointManger)
2. Invoke the `listCheckpoints()` operation.
3. Find the checkpoint row with the `name=async-reindex` property.
4. Copy its id value to the clipboard:<br>    
    On MongoMK, it will look similar to this: `r1234567aaaa-0-1`
    
    On TarMK, it will look similar to this: `6eac07d0-fe27-4d16-82f8-6d5da4cefd67`
5. Then open the `releaseCheckpoint()` operation.
6. Paste the copied id as p1 and click <b>Invoke</b>.
7. This step will release the checkpoint.
