---
title: Visitor identification process in Adobe Target
description: Learn how Adobe Target identifies visitors (which variables and in what order).
solution: Target
product: Target
applies-to: Target
keywords: KCS, Visitor, Visitor Identification, Adobe Target, FAQ, Adobe Analytics, activity impressions, instances, unique visitors, visits
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Jim Menn
article-created-date: 1/30/2024 2:08:56 AM
article-published-by: Jim Menn
article-published-date: 1/30/2024 2:27:49 AM
version-number: 5
article-number: KA-14003
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=3e88e380-14bf-ee11-9079-6045bd006268
exl-id: 0e5b0ce7-50ec-443c-9173-f539bd831586
---
# Visitor identification process in Adobe Target


Learn how Adobe Target identifies visitors (which variables and in what order).

## Description {#description}


<b>Environment</b>

Adobe Target



<b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

How does Target identify visitors (which variables and in what order)?


## Resolution {#resolution}


1. The visitor is identified based on `mboxpcid` or `mcid` or `thirdpartyid`.
2. `mboxpcid` is basically generated by the Target tag on customer's web page, and we write a cookie for that visitor, so we know whether this visitor has fired a call to Target before or not.
3. Similarly, `mcid` is created by visitor API on the page, and this ID is made available across marketing cloud solutions.
4. The customers themselves provide `thirdpartyid`, so it depends on how they identify their visitors.
5. On subsequent visits, the visitor may be identified as long as the cookie is not deleted or the profile doesn't expire on our systems (based on time to live).
6. Finally, in terms of reports, it is a very different solution, which means that when someone visits a page, and they may get counted as a visitor in analytics. However, in Target, visitors are counted only in the context of the given activity (if the visitor qualifies for the activity and is served an experience pertaining to that activity).
7. In A4T context:


- "Unique visitors" include users' activity once they've entered the test, even if they don't interact with test content per session afterward.
- "Visits" include user visits that do not involve seeing an activity.
- "Activity impressions" increment each time a visitor sees the actual test content (basically, each server call from Target to Analytics counts).
- "Instances" increment once per page when activity content is seen.
- Impressions and instances are equal unless there are multiple `mbox` calls on the same page in the same activity, causing multiple impressions to be counted in a single instance.
