---
title: "Registry error after installing new client console"
description: "Learn how to resolve the registry key error when trying to install a new client console in Campaign Classic."
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: "Campaign Classic"
keywords: "KCS, registry error, installing new client console, Adobe Campaign Classic, troubleshooting, clear cache, regedit, registry key"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Eshaa Tiwari
article-created-date: "5/7/2024 1:59:00 PM"
article-published-by: Eshaa Tiwari
article-published-date: "5/7/2024 2:08:47 PM"
version-number: 5
article-number: KA-15766
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=f984b8ed-790c-ef11-9f8a-6045bd006793"

---
# Registry error after installing new client console


This article describes ways to resolve the Adobe Campaign Classic issue where an error occurs related to the registry key after installing a new client console. The first thing to ensure after installing is that the setup file uses full admin rights

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>
<br>Adobe Campaign Classic

<b>Issue/Symptoms</b>
 Post upgrading the Windows version, an error occurs related to the registry key looks similar to error message:


```
Unable to find HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Neolane|NL_5\nlclient\
```



## Resolution {#resolution}


Below are some steps that you can follow to resolve this error:

<u>When you install</u>
Right-click the setup file and select <b>Run as Administrator</b>, just to make sure it tries to use full admin rights.

If above does not work, then try below approaches:

<u>Clear the hard cache</u>
Please follow the below steps to clear out the hard cache:

1. Close the console.
2. Open the folder `C:\Users\<Windows Username>\AppData\Roaming\Neolane\NL_5`.
3. Delete all the xml files except `nlclient_cnx.xml` and delete the `nlclient` sub-folder.
4. Then restart the console to if that is successful.


<u>Remove a key in your computer's registry</u>

Use the windows registry editor (`regedit`) to remove the key `Computer\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Neolane`.

<u>How to access this key</u>:

1. In the <b>Start</b> menu, type `regedit` in the section <b>Search programs and files</b>.
2. A new window opens saying, "*Do you want the following program to make changes to this computer*" then say *Yes*.
3. <b>Registry Editor</b> opens in a new window.
4. Delete the following key: `Computer\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Neolane`.


Then restart your computer, and then reinstall Neolane.

<u>Last method</u>
Also, in the past all the issues related to this error were resolved by following the below mentioned steps:

1. Close the console.
2. Go to the appropriate path depending on the OS you have on your local machine, for XP: `C:\Documents and Settings\Application Data\Neolane\NL_5` and for Windows 7/10: `C:\Users\[ Windows User Name] \AppData\Roaming\Neolane\NL_5`.
3. Delete all files and subfolders inside this folder except `nlclient_cnx.xml`. <b>Please ensure that you do not delete the file `nlclient_cnx.xml`.</b>
4. Check if you still face the error. If not, the problem is resolved. If you observe the problem again, please redo steps 1 through 3 and then continue with the step.
5. Uninstall the client, delete both the following registry entries below, then reboot and reinstall the client:`[ HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Wow6432Node\Microsoft\DirectDraw\MostRecentApplication]`

    `[ HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Neolane\NL_5\nlclient\Forms\]`


This has many subfolders/entries relating to various forms and other items, so just delete the whole folder.

<b>Note:</b> If it's a 32-bit Windows, then ignore the `Wow6432Node\` subfolder, since it doesn't exist in 32-bit Windows.

<b>Note:</b> It is important to make a registry backup or create system restore point before performing these tasks.
