---
title: Background Hits and Legacy Processing Settings
description: Learn how to stop background hits being included in Analytics reporting.
solution: Analytics
product: Analytics
applies-to: Analytics
keywords: KCS, Background Hits
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: The caching of this setting is technically permanent. However, since we restart those services daily, we are practically manually busting that cache once very 24 hours. The setting caching behavior isn't really documented and is more just of an implementation detail. Therefore, be careful when sharing the information with customers.
bug: false
article-created-by: Victoria Barnato
article-created-date: 1/16/2024 4:31:43 PM
article-published-by: Victoria Barnato
article-published-date: 1/16/2024 4:48:22 PM
version-number: 6
article-number: KA-16134
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=27b5b9b5-8cb4-ee11-a569-6045bd006704
exl-id: 8c9def6b-c0db-4f4d-bda2-1e2ec3daf3ab
---
# Background Hits and Legacy Processing Settings


Adjust settings in Virtual Report Suites or in the Analytics Admin Console to prevent hits being include in reporting.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

- Customer Journey Analytics
- Analytics




### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

Background hits are sent when an app is in a background state. Customers can use Virtual Report Suites to discard these hits from reporting. However, there is a setting in *Analytics Admin Console* where these hits can be disabled permanently. This article talks about how these hits can be disabled and how the processing gets affected by this setting.


## Resolution {#resolution}


Few years back, Analytics started processing background hits in reporting. Which would in turn result in the processing affecting the visits and visitors data. In order to prevent background hits from reporting, one can use the Virtual Report Suites. Visit [here](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/analytics/components/virtual-report-suites/vrs-components.html?lang=en) for more information.

There is a separate setting for disabling background hits in the report suite. Background hits processing can be disabled/enabled by going to <b>Analytics </b><b>›</b><b> Admin </b>›<b> Report Suites </b><b>›</b><b> Edit Settings </b><b>›</b><b> App Management </b><b>›</b><b> App Reporting</b>. By default, the setting is enabled.
<br>Background hits in the data feed can be identified by using `customer_perpective` column where the value of a background hit will be 1. In the url query string, the value is cp=1.<br>
If the background hits are disabled, `visit_num` and `visit_page_num` will be set as 0, which tells the processing servers, *not to include the hits in reporting*. On the reporting side, a look up is done once per 24 hours, if those background hits needs to be ignored. So, the changes will affect in reporting only after 24 hours past the setting is changed.
