---
title: "Extended field is not accessible from JavaScript code running in MTA"
description: "Learn how to solve the Campaign Classic issue where users are getting the error attribute ‘weChatToken’ unknown when using WeChat API with a custom connector."
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: "Campaign Classic"
keywords: "KCS, Extended field error, JavaScript code, MTA, WeChat API "
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: "Ticket = TK203929, JIRA = https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/NEO-20460, https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/NEO-20648"
bug: False
article-created-by: Zita Rodricks
article-created-date: "6/18/2024 1:54:27 PM"
article-published-by: Zita Rodricks
article-published-date: "6/18/2024 1:58:08 PM"
version-number: 7
article-number: KA-15251
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=24ea2042-7a2d-ef11-840a-002248084fbb"

---
# Extended field is not accessible from JavaScript code running in MTA


Learn how to solve the Campaign Classic issue where users are getting the error attribute ‘weChatToken’ unknown when using WeChat API with a custom connector.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

Campaign Classic



### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

Users are getting the error *attribute ‘weChatToken’ unknown*when:

- They are using WeChat API with a custom connector and have extended the external account schema to add some parameters used by the *WeChat API*, like a session token column, username, etc.
- When using `queryDef` in a JS activity in a workflow, they are able to pull data from the new columns. However, when they are using this connector to trigger a delivery, the `queryDef` function isn’t able to find the new columns.




This means when the MTA is running this script, it is not able to query newly created columns. But the same script, when used in a workflow, is able to pull/push data. When you query an OOTB (out of the box) column in this connector, you are able to pull data. The only issue is coming with newly created columns.


## Resolution {#resolution}




Adobe<b> </b>Engineering has confirmed that Campaign is not supporting the functionality of MTA (Mail Transfer Agent) querying new columns using `querydef` function.



An Enhancement request to add this capability to the Campaign was rejected as such functionality could lead to serious concurrency problems between emails, SMS, push, and custom API priorities on MTA.
