---
title: "Notifications sent from wrong domain after database refresh"
description: "Learn how to fix the Campaign Classic issue where workflow notifications after database refresh are sent from the production domain."
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: "Campaign Classic,Campaign"
keywords: "KCS, Notifications sent from wrong domain, ACC, Campaign Classic"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-created-date: "6/12/2024 3:46:03 PM"
article-published-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-published-date: "6/12/2024 4:22:46 PM"
version-number: 4
article-number: KA-14693
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=d1b2b1d9-d228-ef11-840b-0022480a40c2"

---
# Notifications sent from wrong domain after database refresh


This article explains how the resolve the Campaign Classic issue where workflow notifications are sent from the production domain instead of stage, after refreshing the database.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

- Campaign Classic
- Campaign


### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

Workflow notifications after database refresh are sent from the production domain, and links in the content redirect to the production workflows.


## Resolution {#resolution}


Check if after refresh:

1. In Deployment Wizard, sender mask and address point to stage and not production.
2. Check if the options below point to stage and not production:<br>    


    ```
    NmsDelivery_FromAddressMasks
    NmsDelivery_ErrorAddressMasks
    NmsServer_URL
    NmsServer_IntranetURL
    ```


3. Check if the notification templates have the *From* field empty. If they do, they will pick up the options values.
4. Templates must be found under <b>Administration</b> `>`  <b>Campaign Management </b>`>`  <b>Technical Delivery templates</b>.


If all is good, but notifications are still sent from the wrong domain:

The approval/notification emails are all sent from the same technical recurring delivery that was analyzed and prepared long ago when the parameters were still pointing to production.

This means that any changes made in the options are not considered in these notification emails, as no new delivery preparation had to be done.

To fix it, stop the technical delivery of *Notification of the assignees for a workflow task* under <b>Administration </b>`>`  <b>Production</b> `>`  <b>Objects created automatically </b>`>`  <b>Technical deliveries </b>`>`  <b>Workflow notifications</b>.

A new notification will create a new delivery with the latest and correct variables.


