---
title: "Getting AEM log files quickly for users without access to file system"
description: Learn how to access log files in order to troubleshoot issues in Adobe Experience Manager. You would require access rights to the AEM Web Console.
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: "Experience Manager"
keywords: "KCS, AEM, AEM Web Console Log Files Page, System Diagnosis Page"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Amol Mahajan
article-created-date: "11/10/2023 1:58:54 PM"
article-published-by: Amol Mahajan
article-published-date: "11/10/2023 3:01:16 PM"
version-number: 4
article-number: KA-17503
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=3ef38345-d17f-ee11-8179-6045bd006704"

---
# Getting AEM log files quickly for users without access to file system


If the user wants to access log files in Adobe Experience Manager, they will require access rights to the AEM Web Console. This article mentions two ways to gain access to log files.

## Description {#description}


<b>Environment</b>

Adobe Experience Manager (AEM)

<b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

User needs AEM log files to troubleshoot an issue, but does not have the necessary permission to access the log files directly.


## Resolution {#resolution}


<b>Steps to Resolve</b>

AEM provides two ways to access the logs without the need for special rights. User only needs to have access rights to the AEM Web Console or the administrative tools section of AEM. Here are the two options:

<b>A. AEM Web Console Log Files Page</b>

Browse/export them directly from the AEM Web Console Log Files page: https://localhost:4502/system/console/status-slinglogs

The page displays each AEM log files one after the other as text.

You can download the log files using one of the 4 download buttons displayed on the top-right.

- Download as Text = a single .txt file containing all the logs
- Download as Zip = a zip file containing all the logs in separate files
- Download full text = a single .txt file containing all the logs + all the configurations and status available in the Web Console
- Download full zip = a zip file containing all the logs + all the configurations and status available in the Web Console in separate file


<b>B. System Diagnosis Page</b>

Download a system status ZIP export from the system diagnosis page: https://localhost:4502/libs/granite/operations/content/diagnosis.html (select <b>Download Status ZIP</b>).

The ZIP downloaded will contain many configuration and status files including a folder with all the log files of AEM.
