---
title: Mid-sourcing (delivery counters) workflow is failing
description: Learn how to fix the Mid-sourcing (delivery counters) workflow failure.
solution: Campaign,Campaign Classic v7
product: Campaign,Campaign Classic v7
applies-to: Campaign Classic,Campaign,Campaign Classic v7
keywords: KCS,defaultMidSourcingDlv delivery counters
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-created-date: 5/22/2024 5:43:02 PM
article-published-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-published-date: 5/22/2024 5:50:08 PM
version-number: 5
article-number: KA-17742
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=f8d43cbb-6218-ef11-9f89-000d3a37816b
exl-id: f4264dbd-35f6-4a7d-a126-2aac9c5b5396
---
# Mid-sourcing (delivery counters) workflow is failing


This article addresses the issue in Adobe Campaign Classic where your mid-sourcing (delivery counters) workflow keeps failing. It is likely occurring due to the *LastDelivery* option not being updated properly. To resolve this, you have to manually update it with the current timestamp.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

- Campaign
- Campaign Classic


### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

The *Mid-sourcing (delivery counters)* workflow was running, trying to synchronize the logs between MID and marketing, but it kept failing. Trying to stop and restart the workflow didn't help either. This workflow has never worked properly. The status has always been either <b>Aborted</b> or <b>Failed</b> from the beginning.


## Resolution {#resolution}


The root cause of this behavior was that the option `NmsMidSourcing_LastDelivery_externalAccount` was not updated correctly. The <b>LastDelivery</b> option for mid workflow wasn't updated, and every time the workflow started, it tried to fetch data from 2020, and a timeout error happened. You must update the option manually, and the workflow will start to execute normally.

This option should be updated with a current timestamp after the `defaultMidSourcingDlv` workflow is executed. When the next execution starts, the workflow checks this option in order to know when to start synchronizing the mid logs again.
