---
title: Sent targeted A/B test stuck at Sending (Reply)
description: Learn how to fix the target size when sending subject-based A/B tests which gets stuck at Sending. Set aggregation to none.
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: Campaign Standard
keywords: KCS, troubleshooting, targeted A/B test, stuck, sending, reply, Adobe Campaign Standard, ACS
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-created-date: 6/18/2024 6:17:26 PM
article-published-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-published-date: 6/18/2024 8:07:13 PM
version-number: 8
article-number: KA-17851
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=cc826403-9f2d-ef11-840a-000d3a5b439f
exl-id: af4cd1ff-36a8-40de-a1a7-c3bfec358018
---
# Sent targeted A/B test stuck at Sending (Reply)


This article explains a workaround to the Adobe Campaign Standard issue where a targeted A/B test is stuck at *Sending.*To resolve this, you need to set aggregation to *none*.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

Adobe Campaign Standard

### <b>Issue</b>

When sending subject-based A/B tests, the target size is flagged as a warning that it is too small (no documentation mentions minimum target sizes).

The winning variant was manually selected when the follow-up deliveries weren't picking a winner. It was sent to the initial balance of recipients, but the two follow-up deliveries are now stuck at *Sending (reply)* and will not send (with 43% of our sends stuck).

How to send out the remaining emails in a controlled release?


## Resolution {#resolution}


If you set *aggregation* to *none*, the A/B test would not face the above issue.
<b>Cause</b>
- A recurring A/B Test delivery is fed to the population from a workflow.
- The learning population is set as 5% per variant, and there are two variants with a learning period of 45 minutes.
- The 57% population is the initial population on which the A/B test has run; after that winner has been pushed.
- The aggregation period of the delivery is 24 hours, which is why the population is still being added to the delivery even after completing the A/B test.
- The product has a limitation in that the subsequent population doesn't get scheduled when the winner has been pushed.


This is reported as a low-priority bug in ticket CAMP-47125.
