---
title: Is it possible to hide or delete OOTB delivery templates in ACS
description: Learn how to hide or delete default/OOTB delivery templates from the template view in Adobe Campaign Standard (ACS).
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: Campaign Standard
keywords: KCS,Is it possible to hide or delete OOTB delivery templates in ACS
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-created-date: 6/4/2024 7:06:46 PM
article-published-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-published-date: 6/4/2024 11:34:48 PM
version-number: 6
article-number: KA-14757
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=d3a78294-a522-ef11-840a-002248092444
exl-id: 477f804e-6180-4709-88e7-8696edaa5ed1
---
# Is it possible to hide or delete OOTB delivery templates in ACS


Since OOTB templates are in read-only format, these aren't editable. However, they can be pulled to the bottom-most section of the list to remove them from view. This Campaign Standard article explains how to achieve this.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

Campaign Standard

### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

Is it possible to hide or delete default/OOTB delivery templates from the template view in ACS?

When you create a new marketing activity, the first screen in the wizard asks you to select a type or template. Templates allow you to pre-configure specific parameters according to your needs. The template may contain a full or partial configuration of the marketing activity.

The end-user has a simplified interface. When creating a new marketing activity, you just need to select the template you would like to use. There is no need to worry about any technical configurations. This has already been pre-configured by the functional administrator in the template.

For example, in the case of an email template, you can pre-fill the HTML content, the audience, and any other parameters of your delivery: schedule, test profiles, delivery's general properties, advanced parameters, etc. This allows you to save time when creating a new activity.

For more details on templates, refer to [About templates](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/campaign-standard/using/getting-started/marketing-plans/marketing-activity-templates.html?lang=en).

There have been few requests to hide the OOTB/Default delivery templates from the *templates view* section. Only the custom templates are visible for those accessing the templates for delivery creation.






## Resolution {#resolution}


Deleting an OOTB template is not possible. Also, they cannot be hidden/edited/renamed as the properties of OOTB templates are in Read-Only format, hence not editable.

The only way to hide them from view is to configure the template list to pull down the OOTB templates to the bottom-most section of the list.

However, there is a way to filter out the built-in templates and the custom templates.

<b>Steps</b>

1. When creating a new email delivery, go to <b>Change Display </b>mode and change the method from <b>Cards</b> to <b>Lists</b>.
2. Click on <b>Configure list </b>to add a filter that will help filter out the built-in or non-built templates. Once you click on Configure list, you will see the screen where you can add the Built-in condition.
3. Add the Built-in application condition and click <b>OK</b>.
4. You can keep the built-in application object column in Ascending order, which would prioritize custom templates having the value “No,” and the templates with the value “Yes” would be shown at the bottom-most of this list.
