---
title: Post Upgrade issue with folder name 'con'
description: Description
solution: Campaign,Campaign Classic v7,Campaign v8
product: Campaign,Campaign Classic v7,Campaign v8
applies-to: Campaign Classic,Campaign Classic v7,Campaign v8
keywords: KCS,Post Upgrade issue with folder name 'con'
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Krunal Oza
article-created-date: 1/13/2023 9:26:54 AM
article-published-by: Krunal Oza
article-published-date: 1/13/2023 9:33:11 AM
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-19397
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=1c1b8969-2493-ed11-aad1-6045bd006793
exl-id: 5ff7756c-6e9f-4bc7-9190-d4059437d52c
---
# Post Upgrade issue with folder name 'con'

## Description {#description}

<b>Environment</b>
- Campaign Classic
- Campaign Classic v7
- Campaign v8



<b>Issues/Symptoms</b>
Some times a user might face the below error while upgrading the instance. Cannot create folder '..\var\con' since it is already a file.

*Microsoft Windows Version 6.3.9600
<br>(c) 2013 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. 

<br>C:\Windows\system32d: 

<br>D:\cd D:\Adobe\Campaign\bin 

<br>D:\Adobe\Campaign\binnlserver config -postupgrade -allinstances
<br>03:47:24  Application server for Adobe Campaign Uersion 6.1.1 (build xxxx) of 00/00/0000
<br>03:47:24  Cannot create folder 'D:\Adobe\Campaign\bin\..\var\con' since it is already a file (iRc=16384) 

<br>03:47:24   Summary of the update

<br>03:47:24  con instance, 0 warning(s) and 2 error(s) during the update.
<br>03:47:24  Cannot open file 'D:\Adobe\Campaign\bin\..\var\con\postupgrade\postupgrade_0000_03-47-2 .log' with a access (errno=3, The system cannot find the path specified. (iRc=-52
<br>03:47:24  Cannot create folder 'D:\Adobe\Campaign\bin\..\var\con' since it is already a file (ilic 16384) 0:47:24  default instance, no warning during update. 111:\Adobe\Campaign\bin_*

## Resolution {#resolution}


In Microsoft Windows, you can not create folders or have extensions with the below words.

CON, PRN, AUX, NUL, COM1, COM2, COM3, COM4, COM5, COM6, COM7, COM8, COM9, LPT1, LPT2, LPT3, LPT4, LPT5, LPT6, LPT7, LPT8, and LPT9.

These are reserved keywords in Windows. Which means, windows does not allow a user to use any of these words to name an instance and will show you an error while upgrading as a folder with an instance name is created in your system.



<b><u>Cause:</u></b>  'con' is a reserved keyword in Windows
