---
title: Delete custom extensions from Adobe Launch
description: Description
solution: Customer Journey Analytics,Experience Cloud,Analytics
product: Customer Journey Analytics,Experience Cloud,Analytics
applies-to: Customer Journey Analytics,Experience Cloud,Analytics
keywords: KCS
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-created-date: 12/13/2022 4:17:12 PM
article-published-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-published-date: 12/13/2022 4:22:02 PM
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-19200
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=19cfd893-017b-ed11-81ac-6045bd006a22
exl-id: 10a9eca9-4a91-4848-bd2b-e5ebb246d91e
---
# Delete custom extensions from Adobe Launch

## Description {#description}


<b>Environment</b>

- Adobe Analytics

- Adobe Experience Cloud

<b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

Delete an extension package from Adobe Launch.


## Resolution {#resolution}


Below is the API syntax to delete a package:
 
*curl --location --request DELETE 'https://reactor.adobe.io/extension_packages/extension_package_id' \
--header 'Accept: application/vnd.api+json;revision=1' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/vnd.api+json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer TOKEN' \
--header 'X-Api-Key: CLIENT_ID' \
--header 'X-Gw-Ims-Org-Id: ORG_ID'*

If an extension has development availability it can be deleted using the API. If it has private or public availability, it cannot be deleted as it may be in use and deleting it would cause existing libraries to fail. Further, an extension package can be [discontinued](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-platform/tags/api/endpoints/extension-packages.html?lang=en#discontinue) to prevent further use. And that discontinued extension_packages will no longer show up in the catalogue.

If any extension package (created extensions using it) is installed on any development properties, deleting it could cause issues. Development properties/libraries should not be used for production purposes. The usages of that extension package can either be cleaned up from those libraries on those development properties or deleted from those development properties and re-created, whichever takes less effort.

To know the extension package ID, you could use API to retrieve the list. That will have the extension package ID as well as the availability status in the response. Here's a [help doc](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-platform/tags/api/endpoints/extension-packages.html?lang=en#list) that lists all the API syntax including the syntax to discontinue (except the above delete operation) the extension packages.
