---
title: Adobe Managed Services (AMS) Basic File Layout
description: Description
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: Experience Manager
keywords: KCS
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-created-date: 2/21/2023 11:22:35 PM
article-published-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-published-date: 2/22/2023 1:15:24 AM
version-number: 4
article-number: KA-17502
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=ac0f2899-3eb2-ed11-83fe-6045bd006704
exl-id: f86ceaf3-71e2-4bec-a96a-9bc0ae9a9bdc
---
# Adobe Managed Services (AMS) Basic File Layout

## Description {#description}


<b>Environment</b>

Adobe Experience Manager

<b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

This document will explain the AMS standard configuration file set and the thought behind this configuration standard.


## Resolution {#resolution}


<b>Default Enterprise Linux Folder Structure</b>

In AMS the base installation uses Enterprise Linux as the base operating system. When installing Apache Webserver it will have a default install file set. Here is the default files that get installed by installing the basic RPM's provided by the `yum` repository.


```
/etc/httpd/
├── conf
│   ├── httpd.conf
│   └── magic
├── conf.d
│   ├── autoindex.conf
│   ├── README
│   ├── userdir.conf
│   └── welcome.conf
├── conf.modules.d
│   ├── 00-base.conf
│   ├── 00-dav.conf
│   ├── 00-lua.conf
│   ├── 00-mpm.conf
│   ├── 00-proxy.conf
│   ├── 00-systemd.conf
│   └── 01-cgi.conf
├── logs - ../../var/log/httpd
├── modules - ../../usr/lib64/httpd/modules
└── run - /run/httpd
```


When following and honoring the installation design / structure we gain the following benefits:

- Easier to support a predictable layout
- Automatically familiar to anyone who has worked on Enterprise Linux HTTPD installs in the past
- Allows patching cycles that are fully supported by the Operating System without any conflicts or manual adjustments
- Avoids SELinux violations of mislabeled file contexts


Note:

The Adobe Managed Services servers images typically have small Operating System root drives.  We put our data in a separate volume which is typically mounted in `/mnt`

Then we use that volume instead of the defaults for the following default directories:

<b>DocumentRoot</b>

- Default: `/var/www/html`
- AMS: `/mnt/var/www/html`


<b>Log Directory</b>

- Default: `/var/log/httpd`
- AMS: `/mnt/var/log/httpd`


Keep in mind that the old and new directories are mapped back to the original mount point to eliminate confusion. Using a seperate volume is not vital but it is noteworthy

<b>AMS Add-ons</b>

AMS adds on to the base install of Apache web server.

<b>Document Roots</b>

AMS Default document roots:

- Author: `/mnt/var/www/author/`
- Publish: `/mnt/var/www/html/`
- Catch-All and Health Check Maintenance: `/mnt/var/www/default/`


<b>Staging and Enabled VirtualHost Directories</b>

The following directories allow you to build out configuration files with a staging area, such that you can work on files and only enable them when they are ready.

- `/etc/httpd/conf.d/available_vhosts/`
    - This folder will host all of your VirtualHost / files called `.vhost`
- `/etc/httpd/conf.d/enabled_vhosts/`
    - When you're ready to use the `.vhost` files that you have inside the `available_vhosts` folder, symlink them using a relative path into the `enabled_vhosts` directory.


<b>Additional `conf.d` Directories</b>

There are additional pieces that are common in Apache configurations. We have created sub directories to allow for a clean way to seperate those files and not have all the files in one directory.

1. <b>Rewrites Directory</b>    This directory can contain all of the `\*_rewrite.rules` files you create that contain your typical *RewriteRule* syntax that engage Apache web servers [mod_rewrite](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/current/mod/mod_rewrite.html) module.

    - `/etc/httpd/conf.d/rewrites/`
2. <b>Whitelists Directory</b>    This directory can contain all of the `\*_whitelist.rules` files you create that contain your typical *IP Allow* or *Require IP* syntax that engage Apache web servers [access controls](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/howto/access.html)

    - `/etc/httpd/conf.d/whitelists/`
3. <b>Variables Directory</b>    This directory can contain all of the `\*.vars` files you create that contain variables you can consume in your configuration files

    - `/etc/httpd/conf.d/variables/`


<b>Dispatcher Module Specific Configuration Directory</b>

Apache web server is very extensible and when a module has a lot of configuration files it's best practice to create your own configuration directory under the install base directory instead of cluttering up the default one.

We follow the best practice and created our own.

<b>Module Configuration file directory</b>

- `/etc/httpd/conf.dispatcher.d/`


<b>Staging and Enabled Farm Directories</b>

The following directories allow you to build out configuration files with a staging area, such that you can work on files and only enable them when they are ready.

- `/etc/httpd/conf.dispatcher.d/available_farms/`
    - This folder will host all of your `/myfarm {` files called `*_farm.any`
- `/etc/httpd/conf.dispatcher.d/enabled_farms/`
    - When you are ready to use the farm file that you have inside the `available_farms` folder, symlink them using a relative path into the `enabled_farms` directory


<b>Additional `conf.dispatcher.d` Directories</b>

There are additional pieces that are sub sections of the dispatcher farm file configurations and we created sub directories to allow for a clean way to seperate those files and not have a all the files in one directory.

1. <b>Cache Directory</b>    This directory contains all of the `*_cache.any`, `*_invalidate.any` files you create that contain your rules on how you want the module to handle caching elements that come from AEM as well as invalidation rules syntax.  More details on this section is [here](https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/experience-manager-dispatcher/using/configuring/dispatcher-configuration.html#configuring-the-dispatcher-cache-cache)

    - `/etc/httpd/conf.dispatcher.d/cache/`
2. <b>Client Headers Directory</b>    This directory can contain all of the `*_clientheaders.any` files you create that contain lists of Client Headers you want to pass through to AEM when a request comes in.  More details on this section is [here](https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/experience-manager-dispatcher/using/configuring/dispatcher-configuration.html#specifying-the-http-headers-to-pass-through-clientheaders)

    - `/etc/httpd/conf.dispatcher.d/clientheaders/`
3. <b>Filters Directory</b>    This directory can contain all of the `*_filters.any` files you create that contain all of your filter rules to block or allow traffic through the dispatcher to reach AEM.

    - `/etc/httpd/conf.dispatcher.d/filters/`
4. <b>Renders Directory</b>    This directory can contain all of the `*_renders.any` files you create that contain the connectivity details to each backend server that the dispatcher will consume content from.

    - `/etc/httpd/conf.dispatcher.d/renders/`
5. <b>Vhosts Directory</b>    This directory can contain all of the `*_vhosts.any` files you create that contain a list of the domain names and paths to match to a particular farm to a particular back end server.

    - `/etc/httpd/conf.dispatcher.d/vhosts/`


<b>Complete Folder Structure</b>

AMS has structured each of the files with custom file extensions and with the intention to avoid namespace issues / conflicts and any confusion.

Here is an example of a standard fileset from an AMS default deployment:


```
/etc/httpd/
├── conf
│   ├── httpd.conf
│   └── magic
├── conf.d
│   ├── autoindex.conf
│   ├── available_vhosts
│   │   ├── 000_unhealthy_author.vhost
│   │   ├── 000_unhealthy_publish.vhost
│   │   ├── aem_author.vhost
│   │   ├── aem_flush.vhost
│   │   ├── aem_health.vhost
│   │   ├── aem_lc.vhost
│   │   └── aem_publish.vhost
│   ├── dispatcher_vhost.conf
│   ├── enabled_vhosts
│   │   ├── aem_author.vhost - ../available_vhosts/aem_author.vhost
│   │   ├── aem_flush.vhost - ../available_vhosts/aem_flush.vhost
│   │   ├── aem_health.vhost - ../available_vhosts/aem_health.vhost
│   │   └── aem_publish.vhost - ../available_vhosts/aem_publish.vhost
│   ├── README
│   ├── rewrites
│   │   ├── base_rewrite.rules
│   │   └── xforwarded_forcessl_rewrite.rules
│   ├── userdir.conf
│   ├── variables
│   │   └── ams_default.vars
│   ├── welcome.conf
│   └── whitelists
│       └── 000_base_whitelist.rules
├── conf.dispatcher.d
│   ├── available_farms
│   │   ├── 000_ams_author_farm.any
│   │   ├── 001_ams_lc_farm.any
│   │   └── 999_ams_publish_farm.any
│   ├── cache
│   │   ├── ams_author_cache.any
│   │   ├── ams_author_invalidate_allowed.any
│   │   ├── ams_publish_cache.any
│   │   └── ams_publish_invalidate_allowed.any
│   ├── clientheaders
│   │   ├── ams_author_clientheaders.any
│   │   ├── ams_common_clientheaders.any
│   │   ├── ams_lc_clientheaders.any
│   │   └── ams_publish_clientheaders.any
│   ├── dispatcher.any
│   ├── enabled_farms
│   │   ├── 000_ams_author_farm.any - ../available_farms/000_ams_author_farm.any
│   │   └── 999_ams_publish_farm.any - ../available_farms/999_ams_publish_farm.any
│   ├── filters
│   │   ├── ams_author_filters.any
│   │   ├── ams_lc_filters.any
│   │   └── ams_publish_filters.any
│   ├── renders
│   │   ├── ams_author_renders.any
│   │   ├── ams_lc_renders.any
│   │   └── ams_publish_renders.any
│   └── vhosts
│       ├── ams_author_vhosts.any
│       ├── ams_lc_vhosts.any
│       └── ams_publish_vhosts.any
├── conf.modules.d
│   ├── 00-base.conf
│   ├── 00-dav.conf
│   ├── 00-lua.conf
│   ├── 00-mpm.conf
│   ├── 00-proxy.conf
│   ├── 00-systemd.conf
│   ├── 01-cgi.conf
│   └── 02-dispatcher.conf
├── logs - ../../var/log/httpd
├── modules - ../../usr/lib64/httpd/modules
└── run - /run/httpd
```


<b>Keeping it ideal</b>

Enterprise Linux has patching cycles for the Apache Webserver Package (httpd).

The less installed default files you change the better, for reasons that if there is any patched security fixes or configuration improvements are applied via the RPM / Yum command it will not apply the fixes over the top of an altered file.

Instead it creates an `.rpmnew` file next to the original.  This means you'll miss some changes you might have wanted and created more garbage in your configuration folders.

Enterprise linux was setup properly to handle this use case in a better way.  They give you areas in which you can extend or override the defaults they set for you.  Inside the base installation of httpd you'll find the file `/etc/httpd/conf/httpd.conf`, and it has syntax in it, such as:


```
Include conf.modules.d/*.conf
IncludeOptional conf.d/*.conf
```


The idea is that Apache wants you to extend the modules and configurations in adding new files to the `/etc/httpd/conf.d/` and `/etc/httpd/conf.modules.d/` directories with a file extension of `.conf`

As the perfect example when adding the dispatcher module to apache you'd create a module `.so` file in `/etc/httpd/modules/` and then include it by adding a file in `/etc/httpd/conf.modules.d/02-dispatcher.conf` with the contents to load your module `.so` file.


```
LoadModule dispatcher_module modules/mod_dispatcher.so
```


Notice that we didn't modify any already existing files Apache provided. We just added ours to the directories they were meant to go.

Now we consume our module in our file `/etc/httpd/conf.d/dispatcher_vhost.conf` which initializes our module and loads the inital module specific configuration file.


```
IfModule disp_apache2.c
DispatcherConfig conf.dispatcher.d/dispatcher.any
...SNIP.../IfModule
```


Again you'll notice we've added files and modules but not altered any original files.  This gives us the desired functionality and protects us from missing wanted patch fixes as well as keeping to the highest level of compatability with each upgrade of the package.
