---
title: "Debugging Visual Experience Composer (VEC) issues with Single Page Applications (SPA)"
description: "Learn how to debug Visual Experience Composer (VEC) issues with Single Page Applications in Adobe Target"
solution: Target
product: Target
applies-to: "Target"
keywords: "KCS, Debugging Visual Experience Composer, VEC,  Single Page Applications, SPA, Adobe Target"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-created-date: "6/18/2024 6:21:55 PM"
article-published-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-published-date: "6/18/2024 6:43:56 PM"
version-number: 6
article-number: KA-18998
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=6842d5a3-9f2d-ef11-840a-000d3a5b439f"

---
# Debugging Visual Experience Composer (VEC) issues with Single Page Applications (SPA)


This article provides best practices to debug Visual Experience Composer (VEC) issues with Single Page Applications (SPA) in Adobe Target.

## Description {#description}


<b>Environment</b>

Adobe Target

<b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

The Adobe Target VEC for SPAs takes advantage of a new concept called *Views*(a logical group of visual elements that together make up an SPA experience).

Based on the fact that SPA does not rely on retrieving offers on page-load, there are a few limitations and prerequisites:

- The SPA VEC does not support auto target, automated personalization, or recommendation activities.
- `at.js 2.0+` and the `adobe.target.triggerView()` function must be implemented in the app before you can use the SPA VEC.
- The order of operations for initial page load is as follows:

    

    Load <b>VisitorAPI JS</b> » Load <b>at.js 2.x</b> » Execute <b>Target request (Prefetch call)</b> » Call <b>`triggerView()`</b>.



## Resolution {#resolution}


While Debugging the VEC issues related to SPA, ensure the following:

1. Ensure `adobe.target.triggerView()` function is fired for each view.
2. Make sure that your page does not trim or remove the parameters: `mboxEdit=1` and `mboxDisable=1`

    - Target adds two parameters (`mboxEdit=1` and `mboxDisable=1`) while opening the website in the Visual Experience Composer.
    - 

    
        If your website (specially Single Page Apps) trims our parameters or removes them while navigating from one page to another (without a page reload), the Target functionality breaks and the Target libraries do not load.
3. Look for any error message that might show up in the Console logs. For example, there could be an issue with the i-frame blocking the view load. A common error message is:<br>            

    ```
    Uncaught DOMException: Blocked a frame with origin "https://view.customer-website.com" from accessing a cross-origin frame.
                    at https://view.customer-website.com/customer-entity/customer-website-xxx-systems?heightOverride=0000&mobileHeightOverride=0000:000:00
    ```


4. Check for Target view notification call in the network logs (Target notification call with 204 status). If the call is blocked, then check for the status.
5. For issues wherein modification is no longer showing in the VEC but appears in the modification panel, and you are unable to delete the modifications from the panel -  ensure that there are no trailing spaces in the *view* name.
6. Other details to ensure while setting up the *view*name are:
    - No trailing spaces.
    - Cannot be empty.
    - *View* name should be unique for all pages.
    - *View* name should not start or end with `/`. This is because one would generally extract the *view* name from the URL path. For us, `home` and `/home` are different.
    - The same *view* should not be consecutively triggered multiple times with the `{page: true}` option.

