---
title: "Campaign Classic v7: WebAnalytics account gets ignored for duplicated deliveries"
description: "Learn how to retain all WebAnalytics settings made for initial delivery if you duplicate a delivery."
solution: Campaign,Campaign Classic v7
product: Campaign,Campaign Classic v7
applies-to: "Campaign Classic,Campaign,Campaign Classic v7"
keywords: "KCS, WebAnalytics, delivery, campaign classic"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Tanay Sharma .
article-created-date: "6/20/2024 9:31:53 AM"
article-published-by: Tanay Sharma .
article-published-date: "6/20/2024 9:35:11 AM"
version-number: 5
article-number: KA-15080
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=aa6dc0eb-e72e-ef11-840b-6045bd0065b6"

---
# Campaign Classic v7: WebAnalytics account gets ignored for duplicated deliveries


When duplicating a delivery, all WebAnalytics settings made for the initial delivery are ignored, and the URL enrichment formula is not applied to the resulting delivery. Save the duplicate delivery before sending to avoid this.

## Description {#description}


### Environment

Campaign Classic v7

### Issue/Symptoms

A delivery DMxxx was created from a standard empty template and selected WebAnalytics account for this delivery.

As a result, the recipient received an email with this link:

http://t.\*\*\*.com/?id=hxxxxxxx, xxxxxxc,\*\*\*&acmid=\*\*\*=\*\*\*&utm_source=0&utm_medium=&utm_content=xxxxxxxxx&utm_campaign=

When a delivery DMyyy was created by duplicating DMxxx, nothing is modified except for the Message Subject.

The recipient received the message with this link:

http://t.\*\*\*.com/r/?id=hxxxxxxa, xxxxxxfb, xxxxxxxx

When duplicating delivery, all *WebAnalytics<b>* </b>settings made for initial delivery are ignored, and the URL enrichment formula is not applied to the resulting delivery.


## Resolution {#resolution}


After creating the delivery, *save the delivery before sending*. DMyyy was created by Duplicating DMxxx and sent without being saved.

The recipient would then receive the message with a link as the original one.

<b>*Note</b>*: The discrepancy occurred because the delivery was sent without being saved after duplicating.
