---
title: Discrepancy in trait versus segment device count
description: Description
solution: Audience Manager
product: Audience Manager
applies-to: Audience Manager
keywords: KCS, aam, trait, segment, devices, reporting, unique trait realizations, total segment population, real-time segment population, total trait population, best practice, discrepancy, trait versus segment device count, Adobe Audience Manager
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Zita Rodricks
article-created-date: 5/30/2023 6:10:49 PM
article-published-by: Zita Rodricks
article-published-date: 5/30/2023 6:18:55 PM
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-19627
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=fa10b448-15ff-ed11-8f6e-6045bd006b25
exl-id: 761b0e8d-7a5e-422c-ad0e-44200aa8e977
---
# Discrepancy in trait versus segment device count

## Description {#description}


<b>Environment</b>
 Adobe Audience Manager

<b>Issue</b>
<u>Example use case</u>: The following data source is established to receive data: 000111 - Data Source to receive TestInternalCompany

Some segments using this data have been created. The 2 segments in question are:

1111111- Existing Customers without Home
 222222- Existing Customers with Home

When looking at the segment size compared to the trait size there is a big difference.

Additionally, comparing the total segment size to the real-time segment size, there is also a big difference.

<u>Example</u>:

Existing Customers without Home
 Unique Trait Realization size - (30 day lookback) 360,226
 Total Segment population - (30 day lookback) 478,695
 Real time Segment size - (30 day look back) 21,756

Existing Customers with Home
 Unique Trait Realization size - (30 day lookback) 9,058,573
 Total Segment population - (30 day lookback) 9,205,534
 Real-time Segment size - (30 day look back) 199,191



The Solution below will explain this behavior.


## Resolution {#resolution}


<b>Solution</b>
Here is how to understand the difference between:
1. Trait Unique Trait Realization (UTR) and Total segment population.
2. Real-Time segment population and Total segment population.



<u>Trait Unique Trait Realization (UTR) and Total segment population</u>

- If you want to compare trait's data with segment, then it should be done on the basis of total population on both sides.
- UTR is just addition of new devices during that window, while total segment population is the total count of devices currently present in a given segment.
- Total trait population should align with total segment population, considering the Profile Merge Rules in your segment.
- If you are using Profile Merge Rule as "Last Auth + Profile Link Device Graph", then higher total segment population is expected as Profile Link Device Graph, considers up to 100 devices per profile for segmentation.
- Comparing UTR with total with segment population is simply not a correct comparison.




<u>Real-Time segment population and Total segment population</u>

- Real-time segment population is the count of devices which are seen online in the give lookback window out of the total segment population.
- So if less devices are seen online, then the real-time count is expected to be less than the total segment population.




<b>Related Reading</b>

For more references about this behavior in the Audience Manager User Guide:

- [Segment population Definitions](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/audience-manager/user-guide/features/segments/segment-builder-data.html?lang=en)
- [Trait population Definitions](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/audience-manager/user-guide/features/traits/trait-details-page.html?lang=en)
- [Profile Merge Rules Options Defined](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/audience-manager/user-guide/features/profile-merge-rules/merge-rule-definitions.html?lang=en)
