---
title: AAM traits imported from Campaign are not populating
description: Learn how to export data to Audience Manager in Adobe Audience Manager.
solution: Campaign,Audience Manager
product: Campaign,Audience Manager
applies-to: Campaign,Audience Manager
keywords: KCS, Campaign, AAM, integration, trait, segment
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Zita Rodricks
article-created-date: 6/13/2024 3:12:57 PM
article-published-by: Zita Rodricks
article-published-date: 6/13/2024 3:14:54 PM
version-number: 4
article-number: KA-19100
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=1b364764-9729-ef11-840a-002248084fbb
exl-id: 2abc72e8-76f2-4fe5-9c03-e4e5488fb1b0
---
# AAM traits imported from Campaign are not populating


Learn how to export data to Audience Manager in Adobe Audience Manager.

## Description {#description}


<b>Environments</b>

- Adobe Audience Manager

- Adobe Campaign

<b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

While using Campaign workflow exporting data to Audience Manager, the traits aren't populating in AAM. This article will help verify that the AAM configuration is ingesting the correct ID types that the Campaign workflow is exporting.


## Resolution {#resolution}


Required - Campaign workflow exporting to Audience Manager, as well as an onboarded AAM trait configured to ingest the data. 

Steps to verify the configuration:

A. Navigate to the general tab of the Campaign workflow, and verify that the Shared Data Source field is set to the correct ID type which is being exported.
     i. Declared IDs are equivalent to your own user IDs, which are often hashed emails.
    ii. Visitor IDs are equivalent to Adobe Experience Cloud IDs, which are generated for site visitors via Adobe's ID service.

B. Navigate to the AAM trait configured to ingest the Campaign data.
     i. Ensure the data source matches your selection in the previous step.
    ii. For Declared IDs, the standard data source name should resemble: <b>A</b><b>dobe Campaign – Declared ID
 </b>  iii. For Visitor IDs, the standard data source name should resemble: <b>Adobe Campaign – MID</b>
