---
title: ACC - mcSynch_mcExec workflow failing due to '@registrationToken unknown'
description: Learn how to fix mcSynch workflow going into the paused state because of an error in evaluating script 'eventSynch/soapImport'.
solution: Campaign,Campaign Classic v7
product: Campaign,Campaign Classic v7
applies-to: Campaign Classic,Campaign,Campaign Classic v7
keywords: KCS, registrationToken, Adobe Campaign, Adobe Campaign Classic, ACC, mcSynch_mcExec workflow fail, troubleshooting
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Tanay Sharma .
article-created-date: 6/19/2024 9:50:19 AM
article-published-by: Tanay Sharma .
article-published-date: 6/19/2024 9:55:01 AM
version-number: 6
article-number: KA-19367
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=824b2255-212e-ef11-840b-6045bd0065b6
exl-id: 81dc2172-88b1-4682-8705-150bae9670ec
---
# [ACC] - mcSynch_mcExec workflow failing due to '[@registrationToken] unknown'


Learn how to fix the issue where the mcSynch workflow stops because of an error in evaluating script 'eventSynch/soapImport'. Request support to reinstall the Mobile App Channel package to ensure the RegistrationToken is available in the RT schema.

## Description {#description}


### Environment

Adobe Campaign Classic v7

### Issue/Symptoms

You may encounter mcSynch workflow going into paused state because of the following error:

### Error message

*soapImport PostgreSQL error: ERROR: COPY from stdin failed: Unable to complete operation in current status. CONTEXT: COPY wkf3886_56147, line 1
 soapImport JavaScript: error while evaluating script 'eventSynch/soapImport'.
 soapImport Attribute 'registrationToken' unknown (see definition of schema 'Real time events (<b>nms:rtEvent</b>)'). Unable to parse expression '`[` <b>@registrationToken</b>`]` '.*

*Note: some version of the software will have a different like the one shown below message:*

*soapImport Attribute 'registrationToken' unknown (see definition of schema 'Real time events (<b>nms:batchEvent</b>)'). Unable to parse expression '`[` <b>@registrationToken</b>`]` '.*


## Resolution {#resolution}


You need to raise a support ticket, share the error, and request the support team to install the package and resume the workflow, as you won't have UI access to the message center workflow.
<br>Cause<br>
This is due to the Mobile App Channel package installed on Production but not on RT instance.

RegistrationToken is an added attribute of nms:rtEvent/nms:batchEvent after importing Mobile App Channel package. It will therefore be queried in the step soapImportBatchEvent of the mcSynch, which will cause this error if the package is not installed on RT side, as the attribute will not exists on the RT schema.

<b>Note:</b> We do not recommend installing any package through UI. It should always be requested through a support ticket.
