---
title: The "after" operator on date field in Query Component not returning correct results
description: Learn how to solve the Campaign Classic issue where the after operator on a date field in the Query Component is not returning correct results.
solution: Campaign,Campaign Classic v7
product: Campaign,Campaign Classic v7
applies-to: Campaign Classic,Campaign,Campaign Classic v7
keywords: KCS, after operator, date field, query component, campaign classic
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Tanay Sharma .
article-created-date: 5/2/2024 1:32:47 PM
article-published-by: Tanay Sharma .
article-published-date: 5/2/2024 1:33:48 PM
version-number: 4
article-number: KA-15214
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=05cfa972-8808-ef11-9f8a-6045bd026dc7
exl-id: 3bc6d080-a648-431e-9f2c-cec7a49a13a7
---
# The "after" operator on date field in Query Component not returning correct results

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

- Campaign Classic
- Campaign
- Campaign Classic v7




### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

The *after operator*on a date field in Query Component is not returning correct results. The query is still returning records where *creation date = max creation date*. What is the issue?



<b>Steps to reproduce</b>



1. Go to any schema.
2. Go to the <b>data tab</b>.
3. Configure the list and add the *creation date field*.
4. Sort the list by creation date in descending order, and note the max creation date & time.
5. Create a new workflow.
6. Add a query component to the workflow.
7. Update the query to have a filter where the creation date is after the max creation date (noted from the previous step).
8. Ideally, the query should not return any records, but still, it will return the records where *creation date = max creation date*.





## Resolution {#resolution}




The workflow can be amended by adding one second to the maximum, which should solve the problem
<br><br>Cause<br>
The query in the workflow is working on the *hh:mm:ss.000*format*,* which is in microseconds.

 This means that in this table the maximum date is 4.38.56 seconds but there are six unique records that have the maximum date as 4 hours, 38 min, 56 seconds, and further split like a (001 microseconds /002 microseconds  /003 microseconds  /004 microseconds  /005  microseconds  / 006 microseconds).

 That is why it fetches the records.

 Test by putting a query as *2017-10-18 16:38:57 PM* in the workflow again. This will not fetch any result. This certifies that there are multiple records with the date 16:38:56 seconds as explained above.
