---
title: "How to implement target-global-mbox (at.js 2.x) for SPA inside of iFrame"
description: "Learn how to implement global and regional Mbox for Mobile Web SPA."
solution: Target
product: Target
applies-to: "Target"
keywords: "KCS, at.js 2.x, SPA"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Victoria Barnato
article-created-date: "4/30/2024 4:54:14 PM"
article-published-by: Victoria Barnato
article-published-date: "4/30/2024 5:08:36 PM"
version-number: 4
article-number: KA-16591
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=1c467844-1207-ef11-9f89-000d3a31b84a"

---
# How to implement target-global-mbox (at.js 2.x) for SPA inside of iFrame


Learn how to implement global and regional Mbox for Mobile Web SPA using FEC option (form-based exp composer).

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

Target



### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

Our newly developed mobileweb (MW) experience is an Angular-based SPA that will be hosted inside of iFrame on many of our client's sites. We plan to implement at.js 2.x using Tealium (TMS).

Since Target VEC (visual-based exp composer) doesn't support iframe, we are exploring the FEC option (form-based exp composer). Below are some FEC topics that we are running research on:



1. Do we still need to create multiple regional mbox using get/applyoffer function, or can we just utilize one global mbox?
2. If the latter, is there any resource that shows how to do so?
3. Can we implement both global and regional mbox for our MW SPA?



## Resolution {#resolution}


1. Regional mboxes can be created using `getOffer/applyOffer` individually as well as in batch using `getOffers/applyOffers`. Additionally, you can use the *FEC*using the *Target Global Mbox*as well, if preferred.
2. If you wish to use *AT.js*to execute the content, the offer code must be delivered as *HTML/JavaScript*. Other offer code types (*JSON*, etc.) can be used if the app accepts it and renders the experience.
3. Both global and regional mboxes can be used in *SPA*. Both types of mboxes can be made compatible with a *SPA*with the right design and architecture.

