---
title: "Changing the execution time of WAIT activity when a workflow is running"
description: "Learn how to change the execution time of a WAIT Timer activity when a workflow is running."
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: "Campaign Classic,Campaign"
keywords: "KCS, execution time of WAIT activity, "
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-created-date: "6/12/2024 7:11:33 PM"
article-published-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-published-date: "6/12/2024 9:26:02 PM"
version-number: 10
article-number: KA-15085
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=86399c92-ef28-ef11-840a-000d3a3764e0"

---
# Changing the execution time of WAIT activity when a workflow is running


This article explains two approaches to change the execution time of a WAIT activity when a workflow is running in Campaign Classic.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

- Campaign Classic
- Campaign


### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

Can the execution time of a WAIT Timer activity be changed when a workflow is running?

 For example:

Let's assume a workflow is scheduled to be executed in <b>X </b>days and it got triggered after <b>Y</b> Days. How is this possible?




## Resolution {#resolution}


We can change the timing of a workflow when it's running by following the approach given below

A.  If the workflow is running, and it has not reached the WAIT activity and then, we can pause the workflow, make the amendments and then restart it.

For example: Let’s assume the workflow is running and currently at some activity before the WAIT activity.

Then if we pause the workflow, make the amendments, and then restart it, the new WAIT would be in effect.

B.   If the workflow is running, and it has reached the WAIT activity, then stop the workflow, make the amendments, and then restart it.

For example: Let’s say the workflow is running and currently at the WAIT activity which is scheduled to have a wait activity of let’s say 1 day.

Then you must stop the workflow, make the amendments to let’s say <b>WAIT=2</b> days and then restart it.

<b>Always restart the workflow</b> to take into account changes made to workflow activities. Otherwise they will not apply.
