---
title: "Office Documents (docx, xlsx, etc) files show 404 on DAM"
description: Description
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: "Experience Manager Assets,Experience Manager 6.5,Experience Manager"
keywords: "KCS, XCS, XLSX, AEM DAM, Error files on AEM DAM , Digital asset management, doc, docx, office"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Alison Sanchez
article-created-date: "3/29/2024 6:22:17 PM"
article-published-by: Alison Sanchez
article-published-date: "3/29/2024 8:15:41 PM"
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-22518
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=1455f040-f9ed-ee11-a203-6045bd045872"

---
# Office Documents (docx, xlsx, etc) files show 404 on DAM

## Description {#description}


### Environment

Adobe Experience Manager (AEM)

### Issue/Symptoms

When viewing an MS Office document (ie. `.xls,` `.xlsx, doc, docx, etc`) in AEM DAM (Digital asset management) the file is not visible and throws a 404. The dispatcher logs will show that the file is blocked.




## Resolution {#resolution}


Add the appropriate file extension (ie. xls and xlsx to your filters definition file as following:

Update the `filters.any` or custom filters file in your dispatcher configuration instead of the default file to allow the appropriate file extension. By default, the dispatcher will block these. To implement this change for a doc or docx file for example, please do the following:

1. add the following filter rule to your `filters.any` file:
<br># Allow .doc and .docx file types from DAM
<br>/0099 { /type "allow" /extension '(doc|docx)' /path "/content/dam/\*" }<br>
This rule will enable access to Word documents stored within the DAM. Since you are using AEM as a Cloud Service, here are the steps to apply this change:



2. Add the provided rule to your `filters.any` or custom filter file within your code repository.
3. Commit and push the changes to your version control system.
4. Run the Cloud Manager pipeline to deploy your changes to the AEM as a Cloud Service environment.
<br>Cause<br>
The filters file on the dispatcher can block unknown file types.
<br>Related documentation<br>
[Configuring Dispatcher](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-manager-dispatcher/using/configuring/dispatcher-configuration.html?lang=en) in AEM product documentation.
<br> <br>

