---
title: "How to retrieve the verbose MTA logs?"
description: Description
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: "Campaign Classic,Campaign"
keywords: "KCS, Delivery, Campaign Classic "
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Krunal Oza
article-created-date: "5/8/2023 2:41:56 PM"
article-published-by: Krunal Oza
article-published-date: "5/8/2023 2:58:32 PM"
version-number: 4
article-number: KA-21659
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=96c23f76-aeed-ed11-8849-6045bd006268"

---
# How to retrieve the verbose MTA logs?

## Description {#description}

<b>Environment</b>
- Campaign
- Campaign Classic



<b>Issues/Symptoms</b><br>For on-premises instances facing deliverability issues, sometimes we ask the customer for verbose MTA (Mail Transfer Agent) logs for examination to find the root cause of the problem. In such cases, the customer can ask for instructions to enable verbose logging. 
 

## Resolution {#resolution}


To enable verbose MTA logs, follow the steps below:

<b>Step 1:</b>
 Open the config-``<` instance-name`>``.xml file, where `<` `instance-name`>`` is the name of your instance.

<b>Step 2:</b>
 Look for the following line in the file:

``<` mta autoStart="false" statServerAddress=""/`>``

<b>Step 3:</b>
 Replace the above line with the following line:

``<` mta autoStart="false" statServerAddress="" args="-verbose -tracefilter:*"/`>``

<b>Step 4:</b>
 Save the changes you made to the file.

<b>Step 5:</b>
 Run the following command to check the configuration for any errors:

`nlserver monitor -missing`

<b>Step 6:</b>
 After verifying that there are no errors, reload the configuration using the following command:

`>` `nlserver config -reload`

<b>Step 7:</b>
 Stop all the mtachilds by running the following command:

`nlserver stop mta*@instance_name`

Note: The \* in the command ensures that all the mtachilds are stopped.

<b>Step 8:</b>
 Start the MTA process using the following command:

`nlserver start mta@instance_name`

Note: Replace ``<` instance-name`>`` with the name of your instance.

<b>Conclusion:</b>
 By following these steps, you can enable verbose MTA logs for your on-premises instance. If you face any issues during this process, please do not hesitate to contact the writer of this article.
