---
title: "Campaign workflows that use triggers from Analytics are not running"
description: Triggers from Analytics are not flowing to Campaign and are not sending emails from Campaign.
solution: Campaign Classic v7
product: Campaign Classic v7
applies-to: "Campaign Classic v7"
keywords: "KCS, campaign workflows, analytics, campaign classic, workflow, triggers, isRunning"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Tanay Sharma .
article-created-date: "9/29/2023 1:07:34 PM"
article-published-by: Tanay Sharma .
article-published-date: "10/12/2023 9:55:15 AM"
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-22917
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=e0b69a23-c95e-ee11-be6f-6045bd0065f9"

---
# Campaign workflows that use triggers from Analytics are not running


Learn how to resolve the issue where campaign workflows using triggers are not working.

## Description {#description}


### Environment

Adobe Campaign Classic v7



### Issue/Symptoms

Workflows using triggers from Analytics are not running even if restarted manually. They immediately stop. Triggers from the Analytics are also not flowing to Campaign and are not firing emails from Campaign. Moreover, Campaign logs do not show any info about triggers being fired.


## Resolution {#resolution}


When the workflow fails, the instance variable *isRunning* will be set to *true* (it is usually set to *false* at the end of the workflow when the workflow is finished). So, if the workflow fails in between, you need to reset the parameter value to *false* before restarting the workflow.

Follow these steps to verify and correct the parameter value:

1. Go to workflows used to send deliveries using triggers from Analytics.
2. Check workflow properties or activity properties from the workflow.
3. Check if the parameter <b>isRunning </b>= <b>true</b>.
4. If yes, set it to <b>false</b>.
5. Re-run the workflow and triggers should be firing successfully.


### Cause

The parameter *isRunning* from the workflows that use triggers is set to *true*.
