---
title: "Segment not returning expected values in Analytics UI"
description: "Learn how to solve the Adobe Analytics issue where a Segment is not returning expected values in Analytics UI. Use \"Referrer Type\" dimension."
solution: Analytics
product: Analytics
applies-to: "Analytics"
keywords: "KCS, Analytics, UI, Segment, Referrer type, Adobe Analytics"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Amol Mahajan
article-created-date: "6/20/2024 8:41:02 AM"
article-published-by: Amol Mahajan
article-published-date: "6/20/2024 9:20:24 AM"
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-21036
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=5b669ad1-e02e-ef11-840a-000d3a3764e0"

---
# Segment not returning expected values in Analytics UI


When a segment doesn't return expected values in Adobe Analytics UI after changing the UI language from English to Spanish, utilize the *Referrer Type* dimension. This dimension employs enumerated values as keys in the segment definition, which should function consistently across languages.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

Adobe Analytics



### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

A segment based on the *Referrer* dimension doesn't return expected values when the language of the UI is changed from English to Spanish.



<b>Steps to reproduce:</b>

1. Create a segment based on the *Referrer* dimension such as `Referrer = Typed/Bookmarked`
2. Create any report in <b>Workspace</b> such as Referrer with <b>Visits </b>metric for any date range
3. Apply the above segment. Notice the numbers.
4. Change the language to Spanish
5. Notice the numbers - the numbers change unexpectedly



## Resolution {#resolution}


Use the *Referrer Type* dimension. This uses enumerated values as keys in the segment definition that should work consistently across languages.


<b>Cause</b>
The dimension *Referrer* currently uses the keyword *Typed/Bookmarked* in English even when the language is changed to Spanish. This is why the data is incorrect.
