---
title: Pages are not displaying properly on preview | AEM
description: Learn why viewing pages on the preview environment in Adobe Experience Manager as a Cloud Service doesn't display the pages correctly.
solution: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service
product: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service
applies-to: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service
keywords: KCS, preview, templates, css, experience fragments, stylesheets, publish, AEM, Experience Manager, AEMaaCS
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: "You can check to see if the templates exist on the preview server by port forwarding to the preview pod, and then using URL's like this to determine what templates exist: http://localhost:8881/conf/wknd/settings/wcm/templates.7.json"
bug: false
article-created-by: Zita Rodricks
article-created-date: 5/3/2024 5:39:21 PM
article-published-by: Zita Rodricks
article-published-date: 5/13/2024 1:19:54 PM
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-24147
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=bda9b10f-7409-ef11-9f8a-6045bd026dc7
exl-id: 93c75bd6-5804-4921-a601-76e5ecb3e3e9
---
# Pages are not displaying properly on preview | AEM


When previewing a page on the Adobe Experience Manager as a Cloud Service's (AEMaaCS) preview environment, the formatting, CSS, and experience fragments may not load even if they are included in the page's template. This article outlines two workarounds to guarantee that templates are accessible in the preview environment for testing and validation prior to their official release.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

Adobe Experience Manager as Cloud Service



### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

When publishing a page to preview, the template is not published to preview. This can cause unexpected issues when trying to view the page on the preview environment.


## Resolution {#resolution}


There are several workarounds to ensure that templates are available in the preview environment for testing and validation before going live.

The two workarounds are:

- <b>Custom Publish Tree Workflow</b>
- Access the<b> AEM Workflow Models</b> console.
- Copy the default <b>Publish Tree</b> workflow to create a new custom workflow model.
- Modify the copied workflow to target the preview replication agent instead of the live publish agent.
- Save the new workflow model and use it to manually publish templates to the preview environment.




- <b>Include Templates in the Deployment Package</b>
- Alternatively, you can include your templates within a content package that is part of your project's codebase and then use your pipeline to deploy this package to all environments, including the preview environment.


By following either of these steps, you can ensure that templates are available in the preview environment for content authors to work with, facilitating a smoother content staging and review process.
