---
title: Waves scheduled are sent in seconds instead of hours | Adobe Campaign Classic
description: Learn to fix the issue where the waves scheduled are sent in seconds instead of hours in Adobe Campaign Classic.
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: Campaign Classic
keywords: KCS, waves, Adobe Campaign Classic, ACC, Email delivery, scheduling, hours, seconds
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Amol Mahajan
article-created-date: 4/22/2024 11:54:40 AM
article-published-by: Amol Mahajan
article-published-date: 4/23/2024 10:24:09 AM
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-24109
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=e9d08613-9f00-ef11-a1fe-6045bd006704
exl-id: df900ce0-02a4-4e7a-8b3d-c62b2b4550e6
---
# Waves scheduled are sent in seconds instead of hours | Adobe Campaign Classic


When a large number of emails need to be sent through Adobe Campaign Classic, they are divided into multiple batches and sent in waves to distribute the load. However, sometimes these scheduled waves are sent within seconds instead of hours, causing issues. This article will explain why this happens and provide a solution to this problem.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

Adobe Campaign Classic



### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

Waves scheduled are sent in seconds instead of hours

<b>Steps to reproduce:</b>

- Create a delivery and set up the sending using waves:

    

    - Go to <b>Properties/Delivery</b> tab.


    - Check the box for *Send using multiple waves* and create the waves.






## Resolution {#resolution}


The only way to prevent issues is to add each value manually or use the <b>Add</b> button instead of copy/pasting when creating waves in the calendar.

Upon reviewing the XML file, you will notice that this value is in hours, but this *1hr* value needs to be converted to seconds.

Set this value to *3600* in the XML (go to <b>delivery</b> `>`  <b>Edit</b> `>`  <b>Edit XML source</b>) and it will prevent the issue from happening again.

<b>Cause:</b>

This happens when a *copy/paste* is done in the Adobe Campaign web User Interface to define the wave schedule, it leads to *1h* not being converted to seconds and being interpreted as *1s*.
