---
title: Content Author can't select Translation Config in project
description: Content authors are unable to select the "Cloud Configuration" within an AEM project, leading to an inability to manage translation configurations effectively.
solution: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service
product: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service
applies-to: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service
keywords: KCS, Content Author, select, Translation Config, AEMaaCS, Troubleshooting, AEM Assets Essentials, Adobe Experience Manager as a Cloud Service, project
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Amol Mahajan
article-created-date: 4/17/2024 12:25:36 PM
article-published-by: Amol Mahajan
article-published-date: 4/17/2024 12:34:57 PM
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-23880
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=d1c98996-b5fc-ee11-a1ff-6045bd006c82
exl-id: 43d4323c-20cc-4ce7-a9e0-96cc1857acd3
---
# Content Author can't select Translation Config in project


This article provides an in-depth analysis of the issue faced by content authors where they can't select the *Cloud Configuration* under an Adobe Experience Manager project. The article outlines the problem, the investigation steps, and the resolution that was provided.

## Description {#description}


### Environment

- Adobe Experience Manager as a Cloud Service  (AEMaaCS)


- Adobe Experience Manager Assets Essentials (AEM Assets Essentials)




### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

Content authors reported an inability to select the *Cloud Configuration* option within the project summary tile of a translation project in their AEM Assets Essentials instance. The issue was specific to the production environment and was not present for users with ADMIN privileges, which suggested it was related to permissions.

The troubleshooting process included creating a test user to replicate the problem, examining permissions, and investigating differences between production and other environments. The support team collaborated closely with the customer to understand the context, replicate the issue, and explore potential causes such as permissions, environment-specific configurations, and caching issues.


## Resolution {#resolution}


The resolution involved:

1. Creating a dedicated user group for managing access to the */conf* directory.
2. Granting the group `jcr:read` permissions on the */conf* path.


This solution resolved the permission issues, allowing content authors to select the Cloud Configuration and manage translation projects as required after successful validation with a customer's team user.
