---
title: "Intermittent slowness on AEM Cloud"
description: "Learn about managing and deleting launches in Adobe Experience Manager to maintain system performance."
solution: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service
product: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service
applies-to: "Experience Manager as a Cloud Service"
keywords: "KCS, AEM as a Cloud Service, slow performance, AEM"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Amol Mahajan
article-created-date: "4/8/2024 12:42:26 PM"
article-published-by: Amol Mahajan
article-published-date: "4/8/2024 1:06:19 PM"
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-23840
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=65e93f6f-a5f5-ee11-a1fd-6045bd04ed02"

---
# Intermittent slowness on AEM Cloud


In this article, we explore the recommended approach for handling launches within Adobe Experience Manager as a Cloud Service (AEM Cloud). While AEM does not currently support the automatic deletion of launches, understanding how to manage them manually is crucial for ensuring a clean and efficient authoring environment.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

Adobe Experience Manager as a Cloud Service



### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

AEM users frequently work with launches for staging content changes, translations etc. Over time, these launches can accumulate, potentially affecting the performance and manageability of the AEM instance. It is important for users to know how to manage these launches effectively to prevent clutter and maintain system health.








## Resolution {#resolution}


To manage and delete unnecessary launches, users should:

- Regularly review the <b>Launches </b>console for any outdated or unnecessary launches.
- Manually select and delete launches that are no longer needed directly from the <b>Launches </b>console in the AEM UI.
- Consider linking the deletion of launches to the completion of associated projects or translation workflows, where applicable.
- Stay informed about potential future enhancements to AEM that may introduce the capability for automatic launch deletion.


By following these steps, AEM users can ensure their instances remain streamlined and performant.
