---
title: Project sharing lists are automatically prepopulated on creating new projects
description: Learn how to resolve the Adobe Workfront issue where project sharing lists are automatically prepopulated on creating new projects.
solution: Workfront
product: Workfront
applies-to: Workfront
keywords: KCS, sharing, sharing permissions, Project access, Project access template, Workfront
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-created-date: 10/25/2023 7:27:02 PM
article-published-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-published-date: 11/2/2023 9:56:02 AM
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-23045
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=a3a23476-6c73-ee11-9ae7-6045bd006295
exl-id: 625b7581-a6a7-4645-90f2-bb980f788330
---
# Project sharing lists are automatically prepopulated on creating new projects


Project sharing lists getting automatically prepopulated could be due to a project access template that affects your user account settings. Follow the steps below to resolve the issue.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

Workfront

### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

A projects sharing list is automatically pre-populated when attempting to create a new project. This happens on selecting the option <b>Set as my project access template</b> under the sharing window of a project.


## Resolution {#resolution}


If you encounter this issue, it is likely that a project access template is affecting your user account settings. Follow these steps to address the issue:

### Step to resolve:  

1. <b>Access a Project:</b> Navigate to any project in which you are currently involved.
2. <b>Access the *Share* Option:</b> Within the project interface, locate and click the <b>Share</b> button.
3. <b>Adjust Permissions:</b> Click on the cogwheel icon.
4. <b>Identify Template Usage:</b> If you are utilizing a project access template, you will see the <b>Reset Defaults</b> option at the bottom of the first option.
5. <b>Reset Defaults:</b> To resolve the issue, simply choose the first option that includes the <b>Reset Defaults</b> feature.


This process corrects unintended prepopulated user lists and ensures that project sharing aligns with your expectations and project requirements.
