---
title: 'Migrating Adobe Campaign Classic from Linux 7.9 to 8.8: A Comprehensive Guide'
description: Learn how to migrate Adobe Campaign Classic from Linux 7.9 to 8.8 in this comprehensive guide.
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: Campaign Classic
keywords: 'KCS, migrating Adobe Campaign Classic from one Linux server to another, ACC, '
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-created-date: 11/6/2023 3:09:35 PM
article-published-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-published-date: 11/10/2023 1:50:23 PM
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-23123
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=6565317c-b67c-ee11-8179-6045bd006295
exl-id: d42b455c-2cab-4450-8905-5fbf0849f024
---
# Migrating Adobe Campaign Classic from Linux 7.9 to 8.8: A Comprehensive Guide


If you want to migrate your existing Adobe Campaign Classic instance from Linux 7.9 to Linux 8.8, follow this comprehensive step-by-step guide.

## Description {#description}


### Environment

Adobe Campaign Classic

### Issue/Symptom(s)

This article will walk you through the step-by-step process to successfully copy your Adobe Campaign Classic instance from one Linux server to another.


## Resolution {#resolution}


Follow these steps for the migration:

<b>Step 1: Install the Adobe Campaign Classic Application</b>

To begin the migration, you need to install the Adobe Campaign Classic application on the new Linux server (in this case, Linux 8.8). Follow the installation steps outlined in Adobe's official documentation, which you can find [here](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/campaign-classic/using/installing-campaign-classic/install-campaign-on-prem/installing-campaign-in-linux-/prerequisites-of-campaign-installation-in-linux.html?lang=en). Ensure you meet all the prerequisites before proceeding further.

<b>Step 2: Create a New Adobe Campaign Classic Instance</b>

Once you've successfully installed the application, the next step is to create a new instance on your Linux 8.8 server. This can be done through the Adobe Campaign Classic Client Web UI or via the command line. It's crucial that you create a new instance with the same name as your existing one. <b>*However, do not proceed with database creation at this stage</b>*. You can find detailed instruction to create an instance [here](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/campaign-classic/using/installing-campaign-classic/appendices/command-lines.html?lang=en#creating-an-instance).

<b>Step 3: Verify Auto-generated Configuration Files</b>

After creating the instance, you should be able to locate auto-generated configuration files, including `'config-default.xml'`, `'serverConf.xml'` and `'config-<instance>.xml'` in the `'/usr/local/neolane/nl6/conf/'` directory. These files are essential for configuring your Campaign Classic instance.

<b>Step 4: Replace Configuration Files</b>

Now comes the critical part of the migration. You need to replace specific configuration files with those from your old server. These files include the environment variable file (e.g., `'customer.sh'`), `'NeloaneApacehe.conf'` file, and `'httpd.service'` file.

Additionally, replace the `'config-<instance>.xml'` file with the configuration file from your old Campaign Classic instance. Once this is done, reload the configuration with the following command: `'nlserever config – reload'`.

<b>Step 5: Ports and Firewall Configuration</b>

To ensure seamless access to your Adobe Campaign Classic application, open ports 443 and 8080 on your Linux 8.8 server. Also, make sure your organization's firewall allows access to the Campaign application via the client console. This step is essential before attempting to log in and utilize the application.

<b>Step 6: User Access and Permissions</b>

Finally, it's crucial to set the right permissions for the `'neolane'` user, granting them read, write, and execute permissions on all the `'conf'` files. Execute the following commands to ensure the correct permissions:


```
cd /usr/local/
chown -R neolane:neolane neolane
chmod -R 775 neolane
chmod 755 neolane
```


### Conclusion

Adobe Campaign Classic from one Linux server to another may seem daunting, but by following these systematic steps, you can successfully achieve the lift and shift. This process ensures that your Adobe Campaign Classic instance retains all its configurations, allowing your organization to continue delivering seamless marketing campaigns. Always make sure to refer to Adobe's official documentation for the most up-to-date guidance on the process.
