---
title: Issue in connecting to Adobe Analytics in Power BI
description: Learn how to solve the Adobe Analytics connecton issue in Power BI. Check permission to the Web Service Access Analytics tool.
solution: Analytics
product: Analytics
applies-to: Analytics
keywords: KCS, Adobe Analytics, Power BI
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Dharmender Singh
article-created-date: 2/28/2024 4:39:46 PM
article-published-by: Dharmender Singh
article-published-date: 3/12/2024 8:14:29 PM
version-number: 5
article-number: KA-20997
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=d3a875f5-57d6-ee11-9079-6045bd006295
exl-id: d00600fc-d0f3-4055-9e28-57e5ebf968dc
---
# Issue in connecting to Adobe Analytics in Power BI


This article provides resolution to the Adobe Analytics connection issue in Power BI. Check permission to the Web Service Access Analytics tool.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

- Customer Journey Analytics
- Analytics




### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

The following error is seen when connecting Adobe Analytics to Power BI:



*"We are unable to obtain the necessary information for using your Adobe Analytics account with PowerBI.*

*This is likely a result of your account not being set up properly.  Please contact Adobe for help setting up your account and then try again."*


## Resolution {#resolution}

Ensure that the permissions are assigned within one of the product profiles assigned to the user account. Permission to the <b>*Web Service Access</b>*Analytics tool is mandatory.<br>


1. <b>Clear Data Source Settings Cache - </b>

    Step 1: In <b>Power BI Desktop</b>, Go to the <b>File</b> menu and select <b>Options</b> <b>and Settings</b> then go to <b>Data Source Settings</b>

    Step 2: On the <b>Data Source settings</b> window, choose the <b>Adobe Analytics</b> data sources in the list displayed and select <b>Clear Permissions</b>. This will clear the credentials cache for the particular data source. 

    Alternatively, clear the credentials cache for all the saved data sources by clicking on the <b>Clear All Permissions </b>option. This will clear the credentials information for all the saved data sources.
    After clearing the cache and data source settings, make sure to close all the instances of the Power BI desktop.
2. <b>If the above steps doesn't solve the issue, try Clear Cache Of the Power BI Desktop</b>

    Step 1: In <b>Power BI Desktop</b>, Go to the <b>File</b> menu and select <b>Options and Settings</b> then go to <b>Option</b>

    Step 2: Click on <b>Data Load Button</b>.

    Step 3: Next click on the <b>Clear Cache</b> button under both <b>Data Cache Management Options</b> and <b>Q&A Cache Options</b>. Press <b>OK</b>.

    Step 4: Once cleared both caches, make sure the <b>Currently used</b> value is <b>0</b> bytes.
