---
title: API updates to profiles and services do not show
description: Learn why the APIs are not being updated when changes are made to long-text attributes in recent versions of Adobe Campaign Standard (ACS).
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: Campaign
keywords: KCS, API, ACS,Campaign Standard
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Zita Rodricks
article-created-date: 6/14/2024 5:31:21 PM
article-published-by: Zita Rodricks
article-published-date: 6/14/2024 6:32:24 PM
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-21517
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=c1caaae7-732a-ef11-840a-002248084fbb
exl-id: 48b8690f-e647-445b-bd03-fabdd9545184
---
# API updates to profiles and services do not show


Learn why the APIs are not being updated when changes are made to long-text attributes in recent versions of Adobe Campaign Standard (ACS).

## Description {#description}


### Environment

Campaign Standard

### Issues/Symptoms

When publishing custom resource changes to long-text attributes in the recent versions of ACS, the APIs are not being updated. The attribute is accessible through manual or workflow lookup in the UI, but not through the API. The reason for this was found to be a bug with the custom resource publication process that is not recognizing that the APIs need to be updated when changes are made to only long-text attributes


## Resolution {#resolution}


Currently `CAMP-47983` has been opened to address this issue in a future release. In the meantime, here are a couple workarounds:

1. As the API publication process isn’t taking long text attribute changes into account, making a benign change to a non-long text attribute (for example, changing the label of another attribute) and then publishing the custom resource will force a refresh of the APIs.
2. If applicable, changing the long-text fields to something other than long-text will also resolve this issue. Although, if data already exists then consider this approach with caution.


To confirm that the APIs are being updated, once the preparation is done, if changes are detected for `profileAndServicesExt`, a tab labelled “Profile & Services Ext API preview” should be seen. If it is not present then no changes were recognized by the application.
