---
title: 'Difference between SMS delivery statuses: Sent, Sent to the provider, and Received on Mobile'
description: 'Difference between SMS delivery statuses: Sent, Sent to the provider, and Received on Mobile'
solution: Campaign,Campaign Classic v7,Campaign v8
product: Campaign,Campaign Classic v7,Campaign v8
applies-to: Campaign Classic,Campaign Classic v7,Campaign v8
keywords: KCS, SMS, Delivery, Mobile, ACC, Adobe Campaign
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 'Slack thread: https://adobecampaign.slack.com/archives/C05C0R93W07/p1711386392282549      Internal Wiki from R&D: https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=neolane&title=SMS+connector+protocol+and+settings'
bug: false
article-created-by: Zita Rodricks
article-created-date: 5/28/2024 5:10:06 PM
article-published-by: Zita Rodricks
article-published-date: 5/28/2024 5:45:14 PM
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-24025
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=fb6d7b1b-151d-ef11-840a-000d3a372703
exl-id: 739506bd-cd49-488f-a761-678b013962ec
---
# Difference between SMS delivery statuses: Sent, Sent to the provider, and Received on Mobile


This article expounds upon the out-of-the-box delivery status documentation. Specifically, detailing the statuses of "Sent", "Sent to the Provider", and "Received on Mobile."





## Description {#description}


### Environment

Campaign Classic

Campaign Classic v7

Campaign Classic v8

### Issue/Symptoms

Difference between SMS delivery statuses: Sent, Sent to the provider, and Received on Mobile.

<b>Note </b>- While the [out-of-the-box documentation](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/campaign-classic/using/sending-messages/monitoring-deliveries/delivery-statuses) provides an overview of the issue, further explanation was required.


## Resolution {#resolution}


- Received on mobile is successfully received (MT + SR)
- Sent is MT successful, but no SR received
- Sent to the provider is SUBMIT_SM sent to the provider, but no SUBMIT_SM_RESP received from the provider.


It is normal to have some messages in the "sent" status because the SR (that turns Sent to Received) is sent by the recipient's mobile phone. So if they have poor cell reception for any reason, they may not receive it. It is up to the provider to retry or to justify why no SR was received unless the provider justifies that Campaign did not behave as expected.



<b>Take a minute to glance through these summaries on SMS delivery statuses for future purposes</b>:

- Pending: Not sent to the aggregator
- Taken into account by provider: Sent to the aggregator, and aggregator confirmed reception.
- Sent: Aggregator confirmed the message has been pushed to the cellphone without an immediate error.
- Received on Mobile: The cellphone confirmed the reception to the aggregator, and the aggregator confirmed to AC.
- Failed: Pushed to the aggregator. The aggregator tried to send to the cellphone (for X hours). The aggregator was not able to reach the cellphone for whatever reason.
