---
title: "\"Could not translate host name...\" error | ACS"
description: Follow this article to fix errors thrown on multiple Adobe Campaign Standard screens
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: "Campaign Standard"
keywords: "KCS, Host name, ACS screens error, ACS screen error, Campaign Standard"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Zita Rodricks
article-created-date: "10/3/2023 3:16:58 PM"
article-published-by: Zita Rodricks
article-published-date: "10/4/2023 6:00:06 PM"
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-22929
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=f94f75df-ff61-ee11-be6e-6045bd006268"

---
# "Could not translate host name..." error | ACS


If you are getting - *Could not translate host name xxxxxx.eu-west-1.rds.amazonaws.com to address: Temporary failure in name resolution* error on multiple ACS screens, follow these steps to identify the instances under containers.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

Campaign Standard



### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

`"Could not translate host name xxxxxx.eu-west-1.rds.amazonaws.com" to address: Temporary failure in name resolution""` thrown on multiple Adobe Campaign Standard (ACS) screens.

<b>Steps to reproduce:</b>

1. Go to <b>Marketing plans</b> `>`  <b>Programs and campaigns</b> `>`  <b>Europe</b> `>`  <b>Recurring campaigns</b> `>`  <b>Global</b>
2. Select one of the running campaigns
3. Click on <b>delivery</b>
4. Open the logs of the delivery and click on <b>Sending logs</b>
5. Click on one of the addresses that hasn't been already opened to see the email sent - `"Could not translate host name xxxxxx.eu-west-1.rds.amazonaws.com" to address: Temporary failure in name resolution""` is displayed.
6. Create a new delivery and try to insert a new link - `"Could not translate host name xxxxxx.eu-west-1.rds.amazonaws.com" to address: Temporary failure in name resolution""` is displayed.



## Resolution {#resolution}

Solution:<br>
To identify which container is not available, run <b>r/test</b> on each of them.
 Once the container is identified, it needs to be restarted. Raise a ticket with the support team to do so.
<br><br>Cause:<br>
One of the instance containers is not available.
