---
title: "Adobe Experience Manager: \"No style has been found until search path threshold\""
description: Description
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: "Experience Manager"
keywords: "KCS"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: "E-000810788, similar KCS:KA-20939, KA-21866"
bug: True
article-created-by: Nobuhiro Hashimoto
article-created-date: "7/18/2023 4:38:40 AM"
article-published-by: Nobuhiro Hashimoto
article-published-date: "7/18/2023 5:21:39 AM"
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-22472
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=ff9e1ef5-2425-ee11-9cbd-6045bd006b25"

---
# Adobe Experience Manager: "No style has been found until search path threshold"

## Description {#description}


After installing AEM 6.5.17, many log messages with "No style has been found until search path threshold" may appear upon accessing particular pages.

\*ERROR\* `[` NN.NN.NN.NN `[` 1681216960934`]`  GET /content/path/to/heavy-page.html HTTP/1.1`]`  com.day.cq.wcm.core.impl.designer.SearchPathLimiter No style has been found until search path threshold: 10000 was reached.

This article explains the cause and how to cope with the error.

<b>Environments</b>
 AEM as a Cloud Service, AEM 6.5


## Resolution {#resolution}


When page content has a deep node hierarchy with nested containers, AEM takes a long time to search for styles for each component. Sometimes the response time becomes very long, even a few hours.

Example:

Page
  Layout container 1
    Layout container 2
      Layout container 3
        Layout container 4
          Layout container 5
            :
            Text component

To improve the response time, AEM 6.5.17 introduced a circuit breaker for searching the styles.
When AEM terminates the search, it logs "No style has been found until search path threshold" in error.log.
Check if the page of the error is displayed correctly, as that implies there may be a layout corruption by missing a style.

<b>Long-term solution</b>

Consider reducing the nesting hierarchy of the page content.

<b>Tentative workaround</b>

Increasing the upper limit of the circuit breaker will reduce the error frequency.

The upper limit means Web console `>`  OSGi `>`  Configuration `>`  Designer Factory Configuration `>`  search path threshold. This parameter has a default value of 10000. If there is no performance issue with the page where the error appears, it should be fine with a large number, e.g., 1000000.
