---
title: Graphql Query naming changed in SP18
description: This article addresses the changes in GraphQL query naming conventions following an upgrade to AEM Service Pack 16 and later, which may impact production applic
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: Experience Manager 6.5
keywords: KCS,AEM, Service Pack Upgrade, GraphQL, Query Naming, SP16, SP18, Production Impact, Apache Rewrite
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-created-date: 4/5/2024 6:10:43 PM
article-published-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-published-date: 4/5/2024 7:42:32 PM
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-23987
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=861ce2ce-77f3-ee11-904c-6045bd006704
exl-id: b7890730-c783-40c9-a307-50d2e1f3ba15
---
# Graphql Query naming changed in SP18


Customers upgrading their Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) environments to Service Pack 16 or later may encounter changes in the naming conventions of GraphQL queries. This article explores the issue and provides a resolution to help maintain application stability and functionality.

## Description {#description}


### Environment

Adobe Experience Manager 6.5

### Issue/Symptoms

After upgrading to AEM Service Pack 16 or later, a change in the naming convention of GraphQL queries has been observed. For example, queries that were previously named `"eXAMPLExTopicByPath"` and `"eXAMPLExTopicList"` in Service Pack 10 would change to `"examplexTopicByPath"` and `"examplexList"` in Service Pack 16 and beyond. This alteration can lead to issues in production applications that rely on the original query names, requiring attention and a workaround to prevent application breakdowns.


## Resolution {#resolution}


The issue stems from a change in behavior introduced in AEM Service Pack 16. The recommended resolution involves using Apache rewrite rules to redirect the old query paths to the new ones, providing teams with the flexibility to update their endpoints in a managed and scheduled manner. Furthermore, Adobe recommends using the standard out-of-the-box query names as documented in the latest service packs, since the functionality that allowed for customizing the query names was not officially documented and has been corrected. This approach ensures future compatibility and minimizes the risk of similar issues arising from subsequent updates or service packs.
