---
title: "Adobe Experience Manager: User Group changes in Admin Console not reflected in AEM"
description: Description
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: "Experience Manager"
keywords: "KCS"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: "E-001071273"
bug: False
article-created-by: Alison Sanchez
article-created-date: "1/11/2024 9:51:59 PM"
article-published-by: Alison Sanchez
article-published-date: "1/11/2024 9:58:36 PM"
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-23390
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=9613969f-cbb0-ee11-a569-6045bd006c82"

---
# Adobe Experience Manager: User Group changes in Admin Console not reflected in AEM

## Description {#description}


This article explains troubleshooting a synchronization issue between Admin Console user group changes and your AEM environment.

<b>Environment</b>
 AEM as a Cloud Service, AEM 6.5(Managed Service)


## Resolution {#resolution}


In Adobe Experience Manager (AEM), user accounts are generally created in the system when the user logs in for the first time. This means that if a user has been created in the Admin Console but has not yet logged into AEM, their account will not be available to be assigned to AEM groups such as 'Administrators' or 'Authors'.

To facilitate the process, there is a workaround that is commonly used:

1. Add the users to a group within the Admin Console. This group must have at least one member who will log into AEM.
2. You can control this by adding yourself to the group, ensuring that at least one user logs in, which activates/synchronizes the group within AEM.
3. Once the group is active in AEM, you can then associate that group with the corresponding AEM group. This will allow you to set the necessary permissions in advance of users logging in.


By doing this, as soon as the users log in, they will inherit the permissions from the group they are associated with, and they will be able to perform their roles without any further delay.


