---
title: "AEP Web SDK Authenticated States in AAM"
description: "Learn about AEP Web SDK Authenticated States in AAM."
solution: Experience Platform
product: Experience Platform
applies-to: "Experience Platform"
keywords: "KCS,AEP,Adobe Experience Platform,AAM,Adobe Audience Manager,authenticated state,identity map,Web SDK,Troubleshooting"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Eshaa Tiwari
article-created-date: "5/8/2024 2:18:05 PM"
article-published-by: Eshaa Tiwari
article-published-date: "5/28/2024 3:33:02 PM"
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-21833
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=047c63c6-450d-ef11-9f8a-6045bd0201f5"

---
# AEP Web SDK Authenticated States in AAM


Learn how to resolve the issue where cross-device IDs/data sources are not syncing or behaving in the same way as before you migrated.

## Description {#description}

<b>Environment</b>
- Adobe Experience Platform (AEP)
- Adobe Audience Manager (AAM)
- Recently migrated to AEP Web SDK
- AAM is enabled in the receiving datastream

<b>Issue/Symptoms</b>
You recently migrated to using the AEP Web SDK to pass data to AAM, and the cross-device IDs/data sources are not syncing or behaving in the same way they did before you migrated. For example, traits are no longer being stored against the cross-device profile.


## Resolution {#resolution}


The AEP Web SDK documentation shows the ambiguous authentication state in all the example code. If you copied that example, then that ambiguous authentication state is being passed to AAM as the unknown auth state. In this state, the ID sync is still performed, and the CRM ID is still linked to Experience Cloud ID, but expressed traits will not be stored against the authenticated profile. This is likely what is causing the issue.

To fix this issue, change the auth state to authenticated when users log into your property. Do not be concerned about what might happen to your AEP implementation if you change this state. AEP Web SDK only supports auth states for cases of running an AEP and AAM implementation together, and the authentication state needs to be passed to AAM. While the primary node in the identity map is meant for AEP, the `authenticatedState` node is there only for the sake of existing AAM implementations.

To learn more, refer to [Identity data in the Platform Web SDK](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-platform/edge/identity/overview.html) in the Web SDK Guide, as well as [documentation on AAM authentication states](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/id-service/using/reference/authenticated-state.html?lang=en). For more information on how AEP Identity Namespaces and AAM Cross-device data sources are related, see this [How are AEP Identity Namespaces related to AAM Data Sources?](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-cloud-kcs/kbarticles/KA-21305.html) article.


