---
title: "Adobe Experience Manager: How to Access the Repository Browser for the Preview Tier with Administrator Privileges"
description: Description
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: "Experience Manager"
keywords: "KCS"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: "E-001231548"
bug: False
article-created-by: Ingyu Eum
article-created-date: "6/19/2024 12:34:43 AM"
article-published-by: Ingyu Eum
article-published-date: "6/19/2024 12:35:17 AM"
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-24457
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=c511afb5-d32d-ef11-840a-6045bd029b18"

---
# Adobe Experience Manager: How to Access the Repository Browser for the Preview Tier with Administrator Privileges

## Description {#description}


By default, the repository browser for the preview tier does not display all nodes. For example, the nodes under /conf, /home, and /var are invisible. This article explains how to display all nodes using a custom workflow.

<b>Environment</b>
 AEM as a Cloud Service


## Resolution {#resolution}


<b>For publish tier</b>

Step 1. In the Admin Console(https://adminconsole.adobe.com/), go to Products.

Step 2. Select the publish instance that you want to use the repository browser for.

Step 3. Click New Profile to create a profile.

Step 4. Set the product profile name and click Save.
Example: Dev Publish Preview Viewer

Step 5. Go to Users and click the user that you want to give repository browser access to.

Step 6. Edit products for the user and add the following profiles:
- The new profile created in Step 3 (e.g., Dev Publish Preview Viewer)
- AEM Administrators for the author instance
- Developer for Cloud Manager

Step 7. Log in to AEM Author as the user whose profiles you edited.

Step 8. Go to Tools `>`  Security `>`  Users, Select the user.

Step 9. In the Groups tab, verify that the product profiles from Step 6 appear.

Step 10. Go to Tools `>`  Security `>`  Groups and click administrators.

Step 11. Add the new profile group to the members of administrators, then click Save & Close.

Step 12. Return to the group list screen, select administrators and the new profile group, and click Activate.

Step 13. In Cloud Manager, go to Developer Console of the AEM environment you want to check.

Step 14. Select All Publishers `>`  Repository Browser and click Repository Browser.
Ensure that /conf, /home, etc., are visible.

<b>For preview tier</b>

Step 15. In AEM Author, go to Tools `>`  Workflow `>`  Models and create a new workflow model:
- Delete the existing Step 1.
- Drag and drop Process Step from the left panel.

Step 16. Configure the process step:

- Common tab:
Title: Publish to Preview Process

- Process tab:
Process: Publish Content Tree
Handler Advance: check on
Arguments: enableVersion=false,agentId=preview,includeChildren=true

See the manual for the parameter details.

[https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/experience-manager-cloud-service/content/operations/replication#publish-content-tree-workflow](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/experience-manager-cloud-service/content/operations/replication#publish-content-tree-workflow "https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/experience-manager-cloud-service/content/operations/replication#publish-content-tree-workflow")



Step 17. Click Sync to reflect the changes in the runtime model.

Step 18. Go to Tools `>`  Security `>`  Groups and click the new profile group.
Note the path related to the group in the URL (e.g., /home/groups/Z/ZEa3MraiMrAYnJQJ0RJs).

Step 19. Go to Tools `>`  Workflow. Select the workflow you created in Step 14, then start the workflow.
Specify the nodes of administrators and the new profile group as payloads.

Step 20. In Cloud Manager, go to Developer Console of the AEM environment you want to check.

Step 21. Select All Previews `>`  Repository Browser and click Repository Browser.
Ensure that /conf, /home, etc., are visible.
