---
title: AEM 6.5 Service Pack failed to install
description: Learn how to install AEM 6.5 Service Pack.
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: Experience Manager 6.5
keywords: KCS, Service Pack error, AEM  6.5, CRXDE Lite
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Zita Rodricks
article-created-date: 2/8/2024 9:46:25 AM
article-published-by: Zita Rodricks
article-published-date: 2/8/2024 4:31:33 PM
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-23515
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=67af1fe6-66c6-ee11-9079-6045bd006704
exl-id: 2654e703-cfa8-4d99-bfc2-50c995e3a7e7
---
# AEM 6.5 Service Pack failed to install


Learn how to install the AEM 6.5 Service Pack by navigating to the affected *author/publish server*instance on CRXDE (Content Repository Extreme Development Environment) Lite.

## Description {#description}

Environment<br>
Experience Manager 6.5
<br>Issue/Symptoms<br>
When attempting to upgrade an AEM instance to a newer version, one of the instances (it could be the author or one of the publish instances) cannot be upgraded. During the upgrade process, the package manager gives the impression that the service pack is being installed. However, no messages are being written on the log file. Finally, the */system/console/productinfo*screen still shows the older service pack version.


## Resolution {#resolution}


1. Log in to the affected author/publish instance and navigate to CRXDE (Content Repository Extreme Development Environment) Lite. (under<b> Tools `>`  General</b>)
2. In crx/de, navigate to <b>`/libs/system/aem-service-pckg-6.5.15`. </b>(The service pack, which will be currently shown as installed)
3. Expand the SP15 folder, delete the <b>Install</b> folder, and click on <b>Save All</b>.
4. Stop the affected author/publish instance.
5. Navigate to the affected author/publish server instance */crx-quickstart/launchpad/installer*location and delete all the files in the selected location.
6. Start the affected author/publish instance.
7. Once the instance is stable, upload the new service pack and install it.
