---
title: "Adobe Experience Manager: The first investigation step for “No renderer for extension html”"
description: "Learn to resolve the issue where an error pops up: “No renderer for extension html” in the Adobe Experience Manager."
solution: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service,Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service,Experience Manager
applies-to: "Experience Manager as a Cloud Service,Experience Manager 6.5"
keywords: "KCS, AEM, Adobe Experience Manager, No renderer for extension, HTML, AEMaaCS"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Amol Mahajan
article-created-date: "5/3/2024 12:59:37 PM"
article-published-by: Amol Mahajan
article-published-date: "5/6/2024 12:47:07 PM"
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-24080
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=5e145bf8-4c09-ef11-9f89-000d3a345e57"

---
# Adobe Experience Manager: The first investigation step for “No renderer for extension html”


This article explains the cause of the error message: *No renderer for extension html,* encountered when attempting to open a webpage in Adobe Experience Manager.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

- Adobe Experience Manager 6.5


- Adobe Experience Manager as a Cloud Service




### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

You might encounter an error message with *No renderer for extension html*. This article will guide you through the initial checks to perform when this error arises.


## Resolution {#resolution}


The error message *No renderer for extension html* suggests that AEM cannot find the necessary script or program to render HTML content. As a result, this may lead to the failure of displaying parts of or the entire page.

<b>Example:</b>

`01.01.2024 12:34:56.789 *ERROR* [ 192.168.0.123 [ 0000000000000]  GET /content/wknd/us/en/testpage01.html HTTP/1.1]  org.apache.sling.servlets.get.impl.DefaultGetServlet No renderer for extension html, cannot render resource TemplatedResourceImpl, type=wknd/components/missing, path=/content/wknd/us/en/testpage01/jcr:content/root/container/text`



In the given example, the error suggests that when the page `/content/wknd/us/en/testpage01.html` is accessed, certain components of the page cannot be rendered. Specifically, the resource *wknd/components/missing*, which is `sling:resourceType` of the component at *jcr:content/root/container/text* on testpage01, is not found in AEM. Consequently, this results in the component being absent from the page.



The first step in addressing this error is to verify the presence of the resource, as denoted by the type *wknd/components/missing* in the given example, within AEM.
