---
title: 'Error on creating Workfront ticket: "Not a support entitled user within organization"'
description: Find measures to resolve the Workfront error "You are not a support entitled user within organization" when creating a ticket. Confirm email address.
solution: Workfront
product: Workfront
applies-to: Workfront
keywords: KCS, workfront, error, ASC, support entitled user, Authorized Support Contact
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-created-date: 9/26/2023 3:46:42 PM
article-published-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-published-date: 10/12/2023 2:03:18 PM
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-22888
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=3170cadd-835c-ee11-be6f-6045bd006149
exl-id: 2a8434a9-78ee-4bbc-8651-9e0cb9f985be
---
# Error on creating Workfront ticket: "Not a support entitled user within organization"


If you see the error "*You are not a support entitled user within organization. Contact your System Admin for additional support*" when trying to create a Workfront ticket, check that you are logged in to Experience League with the exact email address that is listed in your Workfront user profile. If the error persists, ensure that you are an Authorized Support Contact within your organization.

## Description {#description}


### Environment

Adobe Workfront

### Issue/Symptoms

When you sign into Experience League and go to the support page, you get a red bar at the top of the page that says:

"*You are not a support entitled user within organization. Contact your System Admin for additional support*."


## Resolution {#resolution}


Follow these steps to resolve this issue:

1. Make sure that you are logged in to Experience League with the exact email address that is listed in your Workfront user profile. These emails need to match exactly.    If you don't yet have an Experience League account, you can simply click <b>Sign In</b> and then follow the option to create a new account.
2. On the Experience League support page, look for a dropdown box on the top left of the landing page. Verify that the account selected in that dropdown box has "<b>(Workfront)</b>" at the end of the name. Select this account to go to your Workfront specific support page.
3. If you still continue to see the error, please reach out to your Adobe Account Executive or the Workfront support team to verify that you are an Authorized Support Contact within your organization.
