---
title: Update Actionable Log Files with Google Campaign Manager 360
description: Learn how to fix the Actionable Log Files that have stopped updating with data from Google Campaign Manager 360.
solution: Audience Manager
product: Audience Manager
applies-to: Audience Manager
keywords: KCS, AAM, Actionable Log Files, Google Campaign Manager 360
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Zita Rodricks
article-created-date: 5/20/2024 2:22:57 PM
article-published-by: Zita Rodricks
article-published-date: 5/20/2024 2:23:25 PM
version-number: 7
article-number: KA-21633
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=ec5bf16f-b416-ef11-9f8a-6045bd026dc7
exl-id: 80803212-bcab-4a7a-9583-6b066879d1ec
---
# Update Actionable Log Files with Google Campaign Manager 360


Learn how to fix the Actionable Log Files that have stopped updating with data from Google Campaign Manager 360.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

Audience Manager



### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

How to fix the Actionable Log Files that have stopped updating with data from Google Campaign Manager 360 ?


## Resolution {#resolution}


On Feb 16, 2023, a change on the Google side prevented Audience Manager from retrieving log files from Google Cloud storage locations that house Google Campaign Manager 360 log files. To fix this, all customers using Google Campaign Manager 360 to power their Actionable Log files must create a new Google Service account, attach it to the appropriate Google Cloud Storage account, and then submit a ticket to AAM customer care with the authentication JSON so that Adobe engineering can update the integration.

As mentioned in the [Actionable Log Files documentation](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/audience-manager/user-guide/implementation-integration-guides/media-data-integration/actionable-log-files.html?lang=en), a prerequisite for the Google Campaign Manager 360 integration was to share the files with AAM, as outlined in this [documentation](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/audience-manager/user-guide/reporting/audience-optimization-reports/audience-optimization-advertisers/import-dcm.html?lang=en). Historically, this was done using Google Group permissions and then giving that group access to the Google Cloud Storage location where the Google Campaign Manager 360 log files are kept. Google now requires that this access be granted via a Google Services Account.

A general guide to making this update can be found in the [prerequisites for the Google Ad Manager integration documentation](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/audience-manager/user-guide/reporting/audience-optimization-reports/audience-optimization-publishers/import-dfp.html?lang=en). This integration always required a services account. Google Campaign Manager 360 Admins will need to follow similar steps as outlined in the [Google Ad Manager documentation](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/audience-manager/user-guide/reporting/audience-optimization-reports/audience-optimization-publishers/import-dfp.html?lang=en) to create a Google services account and associate said account with the Google Cloud Storage location where the Google Campaign Manager 360 files are kept. Google Campaign Manager 360 Admins and customer AAM admins can then work together to [log a case](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/customer-one/using/home.html) with Customer Care and determine the best way of securely sharing the authentication JSON with Adobe. Once the information is provided to Customer Care, Adobe engineering will make the appropriate updates and the Actionable Log Files functionality will be restored.

<b>Note</b>: Adobe Engineering will continue using the same Google Cloud Storage bucket used in the original setup. If you'd like to use a different Google Cloud Storage location, please provide the new location in the Customer Care case.

Additional information on Google Service Accounts can be found in [Google's documentation](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-accounts-create#creating_a_service_account).
