---
title: "Adobe Experience Manager: How to unlock a page locked by another user"
description: Description
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: "Experience Manager"
keywords: "KCS"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: "E-001205797"
bug: False
article-created-by: Yuichi Sawada
article-created-date: "6/24/2024 1:46:53 AM"
article-published-by: Yuichi Sawada
article-published-date: "6/24/2024 1:49:31 AM"
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-24486
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=ca9621a0-cb31-ef11-840a-6045bd06eea5"

---
# Adobe Experience Manager: How to unlock a page locked by another user

## Description {#description}


In AEM, users can lock a page to prevent others from editing it. The user who locked the page or the "admin" user can unlock it. However, no one else, even if an Administrators group member is impersonating the user who locked the page, can unlock it unless they are the user who locked it.

This article explains how to unlock a page when neither the user who locked it nor the admin can do it.

<b>Environment</b>
 AEM as a Cloud Service, AEM 6.5




## Resolution {#resolution}


When a user locks a page, AEM adds the jcr:mixinTypes="`[` mix:lockable`]` " property. By forcibly deleting this node property and overwriting the page using the Package Manager, you can unlock the page.

We assume the following environments for the detailed steps:
- Prod: An author instance where a user locked a page (/content/wknd/us/en/about-us) and left the project.
- Dev: A lower author instance where CRXDE Lite is enabled.

Step 1. (Prod)  Create a package of the locked page node (/content/wknd/us/en/about-us) and download it.

Step 2. (Dev) Install the downloaded package of the locked page.

Step 3. (Dev) With CRX/DE Lite, delete the jcr:mixinTypes="`[` mix:lockable`]` " node property of the locked page.
Step 3-1. Select the jcr:content node under the page (/content/wknd/us/en/about-us/jcr:content).
Step 3-2. Click the "Mixins..." button at the top.
Step 3-3. Delete jcr:mixinTypes="`[` mix:lockable`]` " (using the "-" button).
Step 3-4. Click "Save All" to apply the changes.

Step 4. (Dev) Repackage the edited node using the Package Manager and download it.

Step 5. (Prod) Install the newly created package using the Package Manager.

Step 6. (Prod) Verify that the page is unlocked.




