---
title: "The initial node does not get replicated when publishing templates"
description: "The \"initial\" node within AEM templates is excluded from publishing during the replication process."
solution: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service,Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service,Experience Manager
applies-to: "Experience Manager as a Cloud Service,Experience Manager Sites,Experience Manager 6.5"
keywords: "KCS,AEM Templates, initial Node, Publishing, Replication, Content Authoring, Publish Environment, Page Creation"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Alison Sanchez
article-created-date: "4/1/2024 4:20:30 PM"
article-published-by: Alison Sanchez
article-published-date: "4/1/2024 4:24:24 PM"
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-23996
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=deeab5bc-43f0-ee11-904c-6045bd0065f9"

---
# The initial node does not get replicated when publishing templates


This article examines the unique behavior of the "initial" node in Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) templates and why it does not replicate onto the publish environment during the publishing process.

## Description {#description}


The "initial" node in AEM templates is a crucial component that determines the default content structure for new pages. It plays a key role in the content authoring process within the authoring environment. However, when it comes to publishing these templates, the "initial" node is notably absent in the publish environment.

This article will explore the reasons behind the design decision to exclude the "initial" node from replication when publishing templates and how this impacts the content delivery process in AEM.


## Resolution {#resolution}


The absence of the "initial" node in the publish environment when publishing AEM templates is by design and serves several purposes:

- <b>Focus on Finalized Content:</b> The publish environment is intended for delivering finalized content to end-users, and the "initial" node, being a starting point for page creation, is not part of this final content.
- <b>Efficient Content Delivery:</b> Not replicating the "initial" node streamlines the publishing process and enhances the performance of the publish environment.
- <b>Content Integrity and Consistency:</b> To prevent discrepancies and maintain content integrity, only the content that has been authored and approved is replicated to ensure consistency across the published pages.

