---
title: Production subdomains are listed under stage instance in Control Panel
description: Learn how to solve the issue where the production subdomains are listed under stage instance in the Control Panel of Adobe Campaign Classic.
solution: Campaign Classic v7
product: Campaign Classic v7
applies-to: Campaign Classic v7
keywords: KCS, Control panel, subdomains are listed under stage instance, Adobe Campaign Classic v7, ACC v7, subdomain management
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-created-date: 5/14/2024 8:04:56 PM
article-published-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-published-date: 5/14/2024 8:20:32 PM
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-24167
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=7bb1d736-2d12-ef11-9f8a-6045bd026dc7
exl-id: de7db0a5-e76b-4c3e-b400-381b13a9a0f0
---
# Production subdomains are listed under stage instance in Control Panel


This article provides the steps to fix the Adobe Campaign issue where production subdomains are displayed even under <b>stage instance</b> in the Control Panel. To resolve this, you have to first disable the production instance, and add it again.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

Adobe Campaign Classic v7

### <b>Issues/Symptoms</b>

In the Control panel, under the<b> Subdomain Management</b> tab, production subdomains are displayed instead of the subdomains for the stage instance.

#### <b>Steps to reproduce</b>

1. Open <b>Control panel</b>, and go to the <b>Subdomain Management </b>tab.
2. Make sure the stage instance is selected.
3. Observe that the displayed subdomains are not the stage ones, but the production ones.



## Resolution {#resolution}


### Cause

This happens because the production's mid or real-time instance has been added as an external account for the stage instance.

### Solution

Follow the below-mentioned steps to resolve this:

1. Navigate to the <b>Instance</b> settings, and select the <b>External Accounts </b>tab.
2. Select the *stage instance* from the drop-down list, and check the external accounts displayed. If the above issue occurs, normally a production instance is listed. This shouldn't be the case since these should be only stage instances.
3. Disable or remove the production instance.
4. Select the *production instance* from the drop-down list, and add the production instance you previously removed/disabled above.


For more information on <b>Instance</b> settings, refer to [Add MID/RT instances (hybrid model)](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/control-panel/using/instances-settings/external-accounts#add).
