---
title: 'Adobe Experience Manager: The node with "sling:resourceType=wcm/msm/components/ghost"'
description: Understand how nodes in live copies restore deleted components and manage inheritance in the page editor.
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: Experience Manager
keywords: KCS, Node, Inheritance, Re-enable, Restore, Multi side manager, Live copy, Components, Placeholder
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Eshaa Tiwari
article-created-date: 3/6/2024 2:53:46 PM
article-published-by: Eshaa Tiwari
article-published-date: 3/11/2024 2:05:27 PM
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-23664
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=5deea651-c9db-ee11-904d-6045bd006b4b
exl-id: 12927e94-04e1-4adb-8b86-ba692bd87dd2
---
# Adobe Experience Manager: The node with "sling:resourceType=wcm/msm/components/ghost"


Explore the process of restoring deleted components in live copies and managing inheritance effectively.

## Description {#description}


### Environment

- Adobe Experience Manager as a Cloud Service (AEM as a cloud service)
- Adobe Experience Manager 6.5 (AEM)


### Issue/Symptoms

In some cases, nodes with a sling:resourceType value of wcm/msm/components/ghost exist. This article explains how the node is created.


## Resolution {#resolution}


The node is created as a part of the MSM (Multi Site Manager) functionality. The node will be used to restore a deleted component in the live copy. The node is left behind instead of being completely removed.

The following actions will change the sling:resourceType of a component's node to wcm/msm/components/ghost:

Step 1. Cancel the inheritance of a component on the live copied page.
Step 2. Delete the component.
Step 3. The sling:resourceType of the node of the deleted component becomes wcm/msm/components/ghost.

The deleted component is displayed as a placeholder for a deleted inherited component in the page editor.

Re-enabling inheritance will revert the component, including the sling:resourceType, to the state before inheritance is canceled.
