---
title: Encryption method used for data transit between Campaign - Snowflake interface
description: Description
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: Campaign
keywords: KCS, SSL encryption, encryption for data transit, campaign snowflake interface, ODBC driver
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-created-date: 5/8/2023 4:22:15 PM
article-published-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-published-date: 5/11/2023 3:47:03 PM
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-22016
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=779bd679-bced-ed11-8849-6045bd006239
exl-id: f81d70aa-4302-4c4f-b6f1-10b3bd1021b2
---
# Encryption method used for data transit between Campaign - Snowflake interface

## Description {#description}


<b>Environment</b>

- Adobe Campaign
- Simba Snowflake ODBC Connector


<b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

This article documents the encryption method used in data transit between the <b>Adobe Campaign - Snowflake</b> interface.


## Resolution {#resolution}


The ODBC driver provides encryption for data transit between the <b>Adobe</b> <b>Campaign - Snowflake</b> interface.

Here are important details related to security and SSL encryption offered by the ODBC connector, as mentioned in this official documentation - [Magnitude Simba Snowflake ODBC Data Connector](https://docs.posit.co/drivers/1.8.0/pdf/Simba%20Snowflake%20ODBC%20Connector%20Install%20and%20Configuration%20Guide.pdf).

<u>Security Details</u>

- The ODBC connector allows Snowflake data stores to encrypt and authenticate connections using user credentials and the SSL protocol.
- The user must use the authentication mechanism that matches the security requirements of the Snowflake server.


<u>SSL Encryption</u>

According to the official documentation -

"The connector automatically applies SSL encryption to all connections. SSL encryption protects data and credentials when they are transferred over the network and provides stronger security than authentication alone".

For this, you have to configure the minimum `SSL_Version` accepted by the ODBC Connector.

`SSL_Version` is the version of SSL (or the minimum version of TLS) that can be used by data stores to encrypt connections. For example, if `SSLv2` is specified, the connector only accepts `SSLv2` for encryption. Further, if `TLSv1_1` is specified, the connection must use at least TLS 1.1.

<b>Documentation link</b>

For more information, refer to pages 54 and 79 of the [Magnitude Simba Snowflake ODBC Data Connector](https://docs.posit.co/drivers/1.8.0/pdf/Simba%20Snowflake%20ODBC%20Connector%20Install%20and%20Configuration%20Guide.pdf) guide.
