---
title: What happens when the Default Dashboard object is changed in Marketo Measure
description: Learn what happens when the Default Dashboard is changed in Marketo Measure.
solution: Marketo Measure
product: Marketo Measure
applies-to: Marketo Measure
keywords: KCS, Default Dashboard, Marketo Measure, segmentation, stage mapping
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Tanay Sharma .
article-created-date: 4/18/2024 12:42:25 PM
article-published-by: Tanay Sharma .
article-published-date: 4/26/2024 10:24:28 AM
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-24085
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=2dc28018-81fd-ee11-a1fe-6045bd03c412
exl-id: 7980d2cb-bdef-4e6f-bedf-d13a566d8311
---
# What happens when the Default Dashboard object is changed in Marketo Measure


A quick guide explaining the effects of changing the Default Dashboard object in Marketo Measure settings.

## Description {#description}


### Environment

Marketo Measure

### Issue/Symptoms

What happens when the Default Dashboard object is changed in Marketo Measure?


## Resolution {#resolution}


When you change the Default Dashboard object in Marketo Measure, the segmentation categories and stage mapping on the custom model will be reset.

- *Segmentation categories will be reset.*    
    You can only set Segmentation for Lead or Contact, depending on what is set as the Default Dashboard object. The fields related to the object will be the criteria available when setting up your segmentation categories in Measure. (Opportunity segmentation is available regardless of the Default Dashboard object.)
- *Stage mapping on the Custom Model will be reset.*    
    The Default Dashboard Object defines whether you pull from Lead or Contact for your funnel stages for the Custom Model. You can only pull stages from one object into settings.
    
    Picking the Lead object will import all Lead statuses into the Stage Mapping page for potential use in the Custom Model. You can also create custom logic based on other Lead fields if you need to (Lead.MQL Date, for example).
    
    Alternatively, you can pick Contact and all Contact statuses on the Stage Mapping page for potential use in the Custom Model. You can also create custom logic based on other Contact fields if you need to (Contact.MQL Date, for example).


<b>Note:</b>
By default, the Lead object is selected in Measure as the Dashboard object.

The selection is primarily based on the organization you use in your CRM.

Switching the Dashboard object will trigger a reprocess of touchpoint data.

As a best practice, you should avoid switching the Dashboard object several times.

### <b>Related readings</b>

- [Custom Attribution Model and Setup](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/marketo-measure/using/advanced-marketo-measure-features/custom-attribution-models/custom-attribution-model-and-setup)in Marketo Measure guide.
- [Stage Mapping and Custom Model](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/marketo-measure/using/advanced-marketo-measure-features/custom-attribution-models/custom-attribution-model-and-setup#the-difference-between-funnel-stages-and-custom-model-stages)in Marketo Measure guide.
