---
title: "Build Image Step Pipeline Failure"
description: Description
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: "Experience Manager"
keywords: "KCS"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Ruxandra Nitu
article-created-date: "5/31/2023 1:02:55 PM"
article-published-by: Ruxandra Nitu
article-published-date: "5/31/2023 1:17:19 PM"
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-22194
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=24829974-b3ff-ed11-8f6e-6045bd006d92"

---
# Build Image Step Pipeline Failure

## Description {#description}


<b>Description:</b>

After updating the local SDK, and modifying the `<` aem-sdk-api`>`  of the pom.xml at the root of the project customers may experience issues with their pipeline. During the build image step, the pipeline fails.

In the build logs messages similar to `[` 1`]`  are present.



`[` 1`]`  ``[` api-regions-exportsimports`]`  `<` custom_bundle`>` .aem:`<` custom_bundle`>` .aem.core:2.17.0.2023_0524_172725_0002720465: Bundle `<` custom_bundle`>` .aem.core:2.17.0.2023_0524_172725_0002720465 is importing package(s) `[` Package com.adobe.cq.wcm.core.components.util;version=`[` 1.5,2), Package com.adobe.cq.wcm.core.components.models;version=`[` 12.27,13)`]`  in start level 20 but no visible bundle is exporting these for that start level in the required version range. (`<` custom_bundle`>` .aem:`<` custom_bundle`>` .aem.all:2.17.0.2023_0524_172725_0002720465|`<` custom_bundle`>` .aem:`<` custom_bundle`>` .aem.ui.apps:2.17.0.2023_0524_172725_0002720465)`






## Resolution {#resolution}


According to `[` 1`]` , the `[` api-regions-exportsimports`]`  checks if all OSGI bundles have their Import-Package declarations satisfied by the Export-package declaration of other included bundles in the Maven project.
"To troubleshoot, see if the bundle providing the package is included in the deployment, or alternatively look at the manifest of the bundle that you would expect to be exporting to determine if the wrong name or wrong version was used."

However, in customer's case, the most plausible explanation for this is that their AEM instance is still running the slightly outdated version "cq.wcm.core.components" bundle, which is exporting an older version of "com.adobe.cq.wcm.core.components.util" and "com.adobe.cq.wcm.core.components.models".

But since they updated the “aem-sdk-api” version in their code-base to a newer version it references a newer version of those packages.
In order to fix this issue, the solution is to downgrade “aem-sdk-api” to a previous version.



`[` 1`]`  https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-manager-core-components/using/developing/archetype/build-analyzer-maven-plugin.html?lang=en
