---
title: "Access rights error during delivery preparation in Campaign"
description: "Learn how to solve access error during delivery preparation due to insufficient rights for folder 1031."
solution: Campaign Classic v7
product: Campaign Classic v7
applies-to: "Campaign Classic v7"
keywords: "KCS, Delivery Preparation, Workflow Errors, Web Analytics Account"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Jim Menn
article-created-date: "1/4/2024 7:15:40 PM"
article-published-by: Jim Menn
article-published-date: "1/4/2024 7:16:21 PM"
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-23011
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=280c24a5-35ab-ee11-be37-6045bd006268"

---
# Access rights error during delivery preparation in Campaign


Learn how to solve access restrictions in delivery preparation. You must upgrade the instance to the version 7.3.4.

## Description {#description}


### Environment

Adobe Campaign Classic v7

### Issue/Symptoms

To troubleshoot this issue, follow the given steps:

1. Initiate a workflow featuring a delivery activity for sending messages with an associated web analytics account.
2. When performing delivery preparation, you encounter the following error:


*An unexpected error causing the process to halt.
<br>An error during the execution of the 'PrepareTarget' method within the 'nms:delivery' service. 
<br>An error during the execution of the 'PrepareTargetImpl' method within the 'nms:delivery' service, specifically related to lacking the necessary rights for folder 1031, identified as containing documents of type 'External Accounts', thus preventing the completion of the operation.*

The problem stems from a known bug, which has been resolved in version 7.3.4. This issue arises due to the association of the delivery with a web analytics account.




## Resolution {#resolution}


To address the problem, upgrade the instance to version 7.3.4.

To learn about upgrading to version 7.3.4, refer to [Process to upgrade](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/campaign-classic/using/getting-started/starting-with-adobe-campaign/faq/faq-build-upgrade.html?lang=en), in Campaign Classic v7 Documentation.

Meanwhile, as a temporary workaround, remove the web analytics account from the delivery to prevent the occurrence of the error.

To remove a web analytics account:

1. Open the delivery of the campaign to be tracked.
2. Open the delivery properties.
3. Go to the <b>Web Analytics</b> tab, select the previously created external account, and delete the account.

