---
title: "Disabling full-text search by mime type with custom Tika configuration in AEM"
description: "Explore how to customize the Tika configuration in Adobe Experience Manager to disable full-text search based on file mime types."
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: "Experience Manager 6.4"
keywords: "KCS, Custom tika configuration, Full text search, Mime type, AEM, Asset performance tuning, CRX/DE, Lucene index, Oak index, Web console, How-to"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Eshaa Tiwari
article-created-date: "4/10/2024 2:28:44 PM"
article-published-by: Eshaa Tiwari
article-published-date: "4/11/2024 3:35:44 PM"
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-24046
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=6ef70c9c-46f7-ee11-a1fd-6045bd026dc7"

---
# Disabling full-text search by mime type with custom Tika configuration in AEM


This article will tell you how to customize the Tika configuration to disable full-text search based on file mime types.

## Description {#description}


### Environment

- Adobe Experience Manager 6.1
- Adobe Experience Manager 6.2
- Adobe Experience Manager 6.3
- Adobe Experience Manager 6.4


### Issue/Symptoms

How to disable full-text search by file mime type with custom Tika configuration in Adobe Experience Manager (AEM).


## Resolution {#resolution}


Adobe recommends disabling full-text search for binary files via the Tika index.

For more details on Adobe's recommendation and how to optimize asset performance, refer to the [asset performance tuning](https://helpx.adobe.com/ca/experience-manager/kb/Asset-Performance-Tuning.html) Helpx article.

<b>Solution 1:</b>

To address Adobe's recommendation, follow these steps:

1. Install the package that is provided.
2. Navigate to the following locations using CRX/DE:
    - `/oak:index/lucene/tika/config.xml`
    - `/oak:index/damAssetLucene/tika/config.xml`
3. Add the file mime type that you want to disable:
    - `<mime>application/zip</mime>`
4. Save the changes.
5. Set the boolean property refresh=true for these nodes using CRX/DE and save the changes:
    - `/oak:index/lucene`


    - `/oak:index/damAssetLucene`
6. Wait for the updated changes.


<b>Solution 2:</b>

For an alternative approach:

1. Search for *Oak-Lucene* in the AEM web console and note the bundle number.
2. Shutdown AEM instance.
3. Navigate to `/crx-quickstart/launchpad/felix/bundlexxx` directory.
4. Go to the subdirectory labeled with versionX.Y, such as felix/bundle102/version0.2 using the `cd`version.
5. Retrieve all the content of the tika-config.xml file from the jar file:
    - `jar -xvf bundle.jar org/apache/jackrabbit/oak/plugins/index/lucene/tika-config.xml`
6. Edit tika-config.xml file:
    - `vi org/apache/jackrabbit/oak/plugins/index/lucene/tika-config.xml`
7. For instance, add the file mime type that you want to disable:
    - `<mime>application/zip</mime>`
8. Save changes to bundle.jar.
9. Restart AEM and verify changes by searching for zip file assets.

