---
title: Audience Manager to Target segment share
description: Learn about special cases for the segment sharing between Adobe Audience Manager and Adobe Target.
solution: Audience Manager,Target
product: Audience Manager,Target
applies-to: Audience Manager,Target
keywords: KCS, aam, audience manager, target, sharing, share, audiences, segments, visible
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Amol Mahajan
article-created-date: 2/26/2024 3:34:06 PM
article-published-by: Amol Mahajan
article-published-date: 2/26/2024 3:46:35 PM
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-20675
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=6890bc74-bcd4-ee11-9079-6045bd006793
exl-id: 54fc1eb2-809c-4a61-be60-40e68b156f31
---
# Audience Manager to Target segment share


Adobe Audience Manager automatically shares segments with Adobe Target through Core Services - Shared Audiences. However, during the full implementation, several special cases have arisen that require a better understanding of segment sharing between these two products. This article outlines some of these special cases to help clarify the process.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

- Audience Manager
- Target


### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

Audience Manager segments are auto-shared with Target as per Core Services - Shared Audiences. To enable this feature, you need to submit [this](https://adobe.allegiancetech.com/cgi-bin/qwebcorporate.dll?idx=X8SVES) form.

As part of segment sharing with Adobe Target from Audience Manager, there are many special cases that come into the light once we indulge in the full implementation.

This article outlines a few such catches for clarity.


## Resolution {#resolution}


1. Cookie destination doesn't work anymore as this integration is now Server-Side.
2. All Audience Manager segments will be auto-shared with Target as soon as they are created.
3. Audience Manager segments once shared with Target, can't be directly removed from Adobe Target.
4. To remove any segment from Target, you need to delete that segment from Audience Manager.
5. All calls made by Target to Audience Manager to pull latest profile data are billable. For more details, please get in touch with your CSM/AM.
6. If you are seeing higher number of Target calls in the Activity Usage reporting within Audience Manager, then there are means to reduce them by making Target data collection settings to *Once Per Session* from *Real-Time*. This can be done by Target Support Team.
7. Making above change in point 6 will only reduce the calls and not stop them completely. In order to stop the calls completely, you need to disable <b>Core Services - Shared Audience </b>to block Target from calling Audience Manager at all. Disabling Shared Audiences will stop data share from Experience Cloud, so decide wisely when opting to disable Shared Audiences.


For any additional queries, reach out to Adobe's solution specific channels via Support Portal.
