---
title: "Cannot add a new version to a proof"
description: Description
solution: Workfront
product: Workfront
applies-to: "Workfront"
keywords: "KCS, Proof, Proof Error, Proof Failed, Failed upload, new version"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Amol Mahajan
article-created-date: "8/30/2023 9:51:53 AM"
article-published-by: Amol Mahajan
article-published-date: "8/30/2023 2:07:23 PM"
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-22747
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=9b3f7bd3-1a47-ee11-be6d-6045bd006704"

---
# Cannot add a new version to a proof

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

Workfront



### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

When trying to upload a new version of a proof to an existing proof, the system shows that an error occurred, and the new version does not get uploaded.


## Resolution {#resolution}

Step to resolve:<br>
Check the <b>Document Details</b> to ensure that the document is checked in. Follow the steps below:

1. Go to the <b>Document Details</b> page.


2. Ensure that the document isn't checked out by looking at the <b>Basic Information</b> section on the right-hand side.


3. If the document is checked out, the person who checked out the document or a system administrator will need to check that document in the <b>Document Details.</b>




Check the Uploader's <b>Proof Permission Profile</b>. Follow the steps below:

<b>Note:</b> If a user's <b>Proof Permission Profile</b> is set to *Manager*, they will only be able to upload brand new proofs and new versions of proofs on their own uploads. They would <b>NOT</b> be able to upload new proof versions originally uploaded by other users.

1. The user will need to check who uploaded the original proof.


2. After checking who uploaded the Proof, they need to check their own <b>Proof Permission Profile</b>. A <b>System Administrator</b> needs to look this up for the user.

    1. The <b>Proof Permission Profile</b> can be found by going to the <b>Workfront</b> profile of the user who attempted to upload the new version


    2. Click on the 3 dots next to their name


    3. Edit


    4. Scroll to the *Access* section


3. If the user's <b>Proof Permission Profile</b> is set to *Manager* there are two options:

    1. A <b>System Administrator</b> needs to change the user's permission to <b>Supervisor</b> or <b>Administrator</b>.


    2. The original uploader of the existing proof will need to upload the new version.




For more details, go through following links under <b>Workfront Guide</b>:

- [Check out documents](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/workfront/using/documents/manage-documents/check-out-documents.html)
- [Proof Permission Profile](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/workfront/using/review-and-approve-work/proofing/proofing-overview/permission-profiles.html)

