---
title: Missing Index Manager on AEMaaCS
description: Learn why you are not able to check sizes or statuses for indexes using Index Manager in AEMaaCS.
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: Experience Manager
keywords: KCS, Index Manager, AEMaaCS
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Zita Rodricks
article-created-date: 11/29/2023 7:27:13 PM
article-published-by: Zita Rodricks
article-published-date: 12/14/2023 2:12:52 PM
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-23195
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=ada44648-ed8e-ee11-8179-6045bd006793
exl-id: 226aab7e-08d3-4291-b6d0-00d42892bdad
---
# Missing Index Manager on AEMaaCS


Index Manager in AEMaaCS does not support checking the sizes or statuses of indexes, like in AEM Managed Services and AEM on-premises. Index management in Adobe Experience Manager as a Cloud Service (AEMaaCS) is different from previous versions of AEM.

## Description {#description}


### Environment

AEM as a Cloud Service

### Issue/Symptoms

On AEM Managed Services and AEM on-premises, the Index Manager checks sizes or statuses for indexes.

URL: `[` Author-URL`]` `//libs/granite/operations/content/diagnosistools/indexManager.html`

`Is there an option for this in AEMaaCS?`




## Resolution {#resolution}


Index management in Adobe Experience Manager as a Cloud Service (AEMaaCS) differs significantly from previous versions of AEM.

Here's why:

1. Users do not have access to the Index Manager of a single AEM Instance to debug, configure, or maintain indexing anymore.
2. All related metrics, including search performance in production, are available at runtime to provide a holistic view on topics related to Search and Indexing.
3. Index configuration changes are made via deployments. They are configured like other content changes.
4. With the introduction of the rolling deployment model, two sets of indexes exist, one for the old version and one for the new version.
5. Currently, index management on AEMaaCS is only supported for indexes of type Lucene. Custom analyzers are not supported.


More details about index management details can be found in the [Content Search and Indexing documentation](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-manager-cloud-service/content/operations/indexing.html?lang=en). For details about Oak Indexes, see the [Oak Indexes status dump](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-manager-learn/cloud-service/debugging/debugging-aem-as-a-cloud-service/developer-console.html?lang=en#oak-indexes) from the environment's developer console.
