---
title: "Adobe Experience Manager: How to avoid package snapshot issues"
description: Description
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: "Experience Manager"
keywords: "KCS"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Yuichi Sawada
article-created-date: "6/23/2023 3:58:55 AM"
article-published-by: Yuichi Sawada
article-published-date: "6/23/2023 4:32:34 AM"
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-22341
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=d9102644-7a11-ee11-8f6d-6045bd006239"

---
# Adobe Experience Manager: How to avoid package snapshot issues

## Description {#description}


The Package Manager creates a snapshot on the installation of a package. The snapshot is a backup of existing nodes and used for the uninstallation of the package.

The snapshot is stored as /etc/packages/`<` PACKAGE_GROUP_NAME`>` /.snapshot/`<` PACKAGE_NAME`>` -`<` VERSION`>` .zip. There is a risk of performance issues due to huge snapshots or an accumulation of old snapshots.

This article explains how to avoid the pitfalls of package snapshots.

<b>Environment</b>
 AEM as a Cloud Service, AEM 6.5


## Resolution {#resolution}


<b>Tip 1. Delete old snapshots regularly</b>
The snapshots pile up in the repository as AEM does not delete these automatically. So, you need to regularly check and delete the old snapshot under /etc/packages/`<` PACKAGE_GROUP_NAME`>` /.snapshot. If you delete a snapshot, you can not uninstall the package of this version, but you can remove it.

<b>Tip 2. Minimize the package filters</b>
The snapshot back up existing nodes as specified in the package's filters. A wide range of a package filter can cause a large snapshot. You need to include only the required paths in the package filter.

Example: The extensive package filter(filter.xml)


```
`<` filter root="/content/dam"; mode="merge"/`>`
```


In this example, the snapshot includes all nodes under /content/dam. It is too wide.

<b>Tip 3. Use the "Extract Only" option</b>
The "Extract Only" option does not create a snapshot. If there is no snapshot, you can not uninstall the package of this version, but you can remove it.
