---
title: Error when selecting Adobe Target as Cloud solution for IMS configuration
description: Learn how to solve an Adobe Target IMS configuration error while creating a Target IMS configuration in order to integrate AEM with Target.
solution: Target,Experience Manager
product: Target,Experience Manager
applies-to: Target,Experience Manager
keywords: KCS, Adobe Target, AT, AEM, IMS configuration, Adobe Experience Manager, Troubleshooting, ACE
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Jim Menn
article-created-date: 5/22/2024 6:37:08 PM
article-published-by: Jim Menn
article-published-date: 5/22/2024 6:54:51 PM
version-number: 7
article-number: KA-22693
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=000d9d47-6a18-ef11-9f8a-6045bd006268
exl-id: bc019139-382f-4f25-baea-8747812d11c9
---
# Error when selecting Adobe Target as Cloud solution for IMS configuration


Add the ACEs to the user, and the IMS configuration for Adobe Target will be successfully created.

## Description {#description}


### Environment

Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) on-premises

### Issue

Error while creating an Adobe Target IMS configuration in order to integrate AEM with Adobe Target.  Whenever *Adobe Target* is selected as the Cloud solution for the IMS configuration, the error "`Cannot retrieve certificates: The Provided userId does not identify an existing user"` pops up, and the configuration cannot be created. This issue is only happening for the Adobe Target solution.



<b><u>Steps to reproduce</u>:</b>

- Select <b>Tools</b> `>`  <b>Security</b> `>`  <b>IMS configs </b>`>`  <b>Create</b>.


- Select <b>Target</b> as the solution.


An error will pop up: `"Cannot retrieve certificate. The provided userid does not identify an existing user."`

In the logs the only error related to this issue is:

`/libs/cq/adobeims-configuration/content/configurations/createimsconfig/contextCertificates HTTP/1.1]  com.adobe.cq.adobeims.impl.servlets.GetCertificatesServlet Cannot retrieve certificates: The provided userId does not identify an existing user.}`


## Resolution {#resolution}


After adding the ACEs to the user, the IMS configuration for Adobe Target could be successfully created.

Path: `/home/users/system/target-imsconfig-service` Permission: allow Privileges: jcr:read; rep:write
<br>Cause<br>
The error is caused by a lack of permissions for the `target-imsconfig-service` user. When checking the permissions for the users' `target-imsconfig-service` and `targetservice,` it was noticed that `target-imsconfig-service` had no ACEs assigned.
