---
title: "Images not uploaded to public resources"
description: "Learn how to fix the Campaign Classic issue where all images are synced between all containers but fail to upload."
solution: Campaign Classic v7
product: Campaign Classic v7
applies-to: "Campaign Classic v7"
keywords: "KCS, Image upload error, Campaign Classic"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-created-date: "6/6/2024 5:17:45 PM"
article-published-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-published-date: "6/6/2024 8:26:15 PM"
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-22395
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=9cdeb2af-2824-ef11-840a-00224809adb3"

---
# Images not uploaded to public resources


This article explains how to fix the Campaign Classic issue where images fail to upload in production even when they are already synced between all containers. The error could be because of incorrect permissions in some files of the IMG folder.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment </b>

Campaign Classic v7

### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

Although all images are already synced between all containers, there is an error while trying to upload images in production in any public resources folder.

In ACC open delivery, the delivery window lets you add local images, or images stored in the library, to the content of messages.

- To do this, click the <b>Image</b> button in the HTML content toolbar.
- Select the image and click upload.



## Resolution {#resolution}

<b>Follow the below-mentioned steps:</b>
- Check if images are synched between all containers (here images were already synched)
- Check all user permissions.
- Check permissions of the <b>IMG</b> folder. (all files should have the same owner `>`  <b>Neolane</b>)
- Modify permissions if necessary.
- Restart <b>apache + clean*nlserver</b>*


The issue should be resolved post these steps.
<br>Cause <br>
Many files from<b> the </b><b>IMG folder</b> don't have correct permissions (they are owned by the <b>Apache</b> process, instead of <b>Neolane</b>)
