---
title: "Need to deploy replication configs via code build"
description: "Learn how to solve the issue where there is a need to deploy replication configuration in AMS Environments."
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: "Experience Manager 6.5"
keywords: "KCS, AMS, deploy, Code Build, Agent, Replication Agent"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Dharmender Singh
article-created-date: "4/3/2024 8:01:50 PM"
article-published-by: Dharmender Singh
article-published-date: "4/4/2024 11:39:43 AM"
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-23882
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=1a6b50fd-f4f1-ee11-904b-6045bd04ed02"

---
# Need to deploy replication configs via code build


This article provides steps to resolve the issue of the need to deploy replication configuration via code build. You need to manage these configurations using content packages.

## Description {#description}


### Environment

Experience Manager 6.5

### Issue/Symptoms

In an AMS environment, replication agents are typically managed through the AEM UI. However, there may be scenarios where replication agent configurations need to be included as part of code deployments. This involves creating the agent in the AEM UI, exporting the JCR nodes, and adding them to a ui.content package. This method has both benefits and risks, and understanding these is key to maintaining the integrity of your replication processes.


## Resolution {#resolution}


To manage replication agent configurations in AMS using content packages, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to `/etc/replication.html`in the AEM UI and manually create the desired replication agent.


2. Export the JCR nodes created under /etc/replication/agents.author or /etc/replication/agents.publish, depending on the instance type.


3. Include these exported nodes in your ui.content package so that when deployed to AEM, the nodes are reinstalled in the repository.


Be aware of the following when deploying configurations this way:

- The replication agent must be created on the server where it will be deployed to ensure that encrypted information (e.g., passwords) is correctly decrypted post-deployment.


- Deploying replication agents can lead to the recreation of the agent, which may result in the loss of data if there are items in the replication queue.


Due to these risks, the following considerations are recommended:

- Automating the deployment of replication agent configurations is generally not advised because of the potential for data loss.


- Instead, manage replication agents manually through the AEM UI to ensure control and integrity of replication settings.



