---
title: "Frontend pipeline deployment breaks the website"
description: "Learn how to fix the AEM as a Cloud Service issue where frontend pipeline deployment breaks the website. Add ServerAlias to an enabled vhost."
solution: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service,Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service,Experience Manager
applies-to: "Experience Manager as a Cloud Service,Experience Manager"
keywords: "KCS, Frontend pipeline deployment breaks the website, AEM as a Cloud Service, js/css files are not applied"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Zita Rodricks
article-created-date: "5/30/2024 3:15:37 PM"
article-published-by: Zita Rodricks
article-published-date: "5/30/2024 3:16:37 PM"
version-number: 5
article-number: KA-23070
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=4a765876-971e-ef11-840a-000d3a372703"

---
# Frontend pipeline deployment breaks the website


This article describes a solution to the issue where frontend pipelines are not successfully applied to websites, even when deployment finishes successfully. Add ServerAlias to an enabled vhost to fix it.



## Description {#description}


### Environment

AEM as a Cloud Service

### Issue/Symptoms

Frontend pipelines are not successfully applied to websites. Although the deployment finishes successfully, the `JS/CSS` files are not applied to the website.

#### Steps to reproduce

1. Create a new site using the `aem-site-template-standard version 2.2.0`.
2. Download sources from that site.
3. Make some changes to the website theme.
4. Push the sources into the repo/branch.
5. Run the FE pipeline from that repo/branch.


After the FE pipeline is deployed, the new site breaks, and no `JS/CSS` is loaded.

In addition, you will see that at:

`"/conf/fe-pipeline-test/sling:configs/com.adobe.cq.wcm.core.components.config.HtmlPageItemsConfig/jcr:content"`, the property `"prefixPath"` is set to:

`"https://static-pxxxxx-eyyyyy.adobeaemcloud.com/5be94d5dbcc77e833330ed8d9d98f549f85aebfffd0ce933c04f9b1e6e67bdad"`, which looks good.

But whatever resource you try to load from this server (like the `CSS: https://static-pxxxxx-eyyyyy.adobeaemcloud.com/5be94d5dbcc77e833330ed8d9d98f549f85aebfffd0ce933c04f9b1e6e67bdad/theme.css)`, you always get *It works*.


## Resolution {#resolution}


When styling loads from the static domain and only returns *It works*, you need to verify whether the static domain is blocked at the Dispatcher level.

For FE pipelines to work, the deployed frontend artifacts need to be served correctly by the CDN/Dispatcher.

If the Dispatcher configuration blocks the static domain, the `CSS/JS` cannot be loaded.

For this, at least one of the enabled vhosts has either:

`ServerAlias *`
OR
`ServerAlias "static-p<progId>-e<envId>.adobeaemcloud.com"`

On checking the Dispatcher configuration, if you see that only the `deault.vhost` has `ServerAlias "*"`. However, the `default.vhost` is not enabled.

Adding `ServerAlias` to an enabled vhost fixes the issue.



<b>Ask Questions In Our Experience League Campaign Community</b>

If you have any questions you'd like answered about this topic, or read previous answered-questions, we invite you to view our [Experience League Community blog post](https://experienceleaguecommunities.adobe.com/t5/adobe-experience-manager-blogs/introducing-top-kcs-articles-curated-for-your-aem/ba-p/672734#M1180) that includes this article, send us your questions and comments, and join our Experience League Campaign Community!
