---
title: "Adobe Campaign certificates are missing from zip bundle"
description: "Learn how to fix the SSL certificates expiring or close to expiring for some domains."
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: "Campaign"
keywords: "KCS, Adobe Campaign, certificates are missing from the zip bundle, ssl, domain, control panel"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: "E-000503700"
bug: False
article-created-by: Zita Rodricks
article-created-date: "6/14/2024 5:33:43 PM"
article-published-by: Zita Rodricks
article-published-date: "6/14/2024 5:34:54 PM"
version-number: 21
article-number: KA-21033
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=86af893d-742a-ef11-840a-002248084fbb"

---
# Adobe Campaign certificates are missing from zip bundle


Learn how to fix the SSL certificates expiring or close to expiring for some domains.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

Adobe Campaign

### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

Your SSL certificates have expired or are close to expiring for some domains. However, when you try to upload an SSL certificate for the Certificate Signing Request (CSR) generated through the Control Panel for your organization, there is the following error: *One or more certificates (end-entity, intermediate or root) are missing from the zip bundle. Please obtain a valid certificate chain from CA and upload it again. There is no need to regenerate CSR*.


## Resolution {#resolution}


Without the complete trusted certificates chain, you cannot renew SSL certificates. Ask the Certificate Authority (CA) to provide the zip bundle that contains all the certificates, and you will be able to upload the certificates using the Control Panel.  However, if this is urgent (time, deliveries, and campaign send-outs are being impacted) do the following to ​​​​​​retrieve the missing intermediate certificate from the main certificate:

1. Go to the certificate's properties and go to the path in the certificate, and select the signing cert.
2. After that, you should be able to retrieve the intermediate certificate by using the <b>Copy to File</b> option.
3. Once the missing certificate has been downloaded, save the certificate in the existing bundle and then try to upload the SSL certificate through the Control Panel.


The SSL certificates should then have been installed for the domains. If the above steps have not worked, connect with the CA.
