---
title: Understanding cumulative query execution times in AEM
description: Learn about the cumulative query execution times in Adobe Experience Manager's performance monitoring.
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: Experience Manager 6.5
keywords: KCS, Cumulative Query Execution, AEM, Experience Manager
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Zita Rodricks
article-created-date: 5/3/2024 5:31:02 PM
article-published-by: Zita Rodricks
article-published-date: 5/13/2024 1:18:15 PM
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-24128
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=afe803e6-7209-ef11-9f8a-6045bd026dc7
exl-id: 22717e6f-7803-456c-89a6-cca0817d3341
---
# Understanding cumulative query execution times in AEM


This article will help you understand the cumulative query execution times in Adobe Experience Manager performance monitoring.

## Description {#description}


### Environment

Adobe Experience Manager



### Issue/Symptoms

In AEM, query execution times can be logged and reported in different ways. One common point of confusion arises from cumulative time reporting, where the total time of all query executions is aggregated, rather than individual run times being reported separately.

For instance, if a particular query runs multiple times, the system may report the sum of all these execution times, which could be misinterpreted as a slow performance for a single query instance.


## Resolution {#resolution}


When reviewing query performance in AEM, you may come across execution times that seem lengthy. It's important to recognize whether these timings are for individual query runs or if they represent cumulative figures. This distinction is crucial for accurate system assessment and troubleshooting.

To assess the actual performance of individual query executions, it's necessary to understand the reporting context:

1. Review the logs or performance reports to determine if the times are individual or cumulative.
2. For cumulative timings, divide the total time by the number of executions to find the average run time per query.
3. Compare individual run times against expected performance benchmarks to determine if there is an actual performance issue.
4. If performance is within acceptable parameters, no action is required. However, if individual query times exceed expected durations, further investigation into query optimization or indexing may be necessary.


<b>*Note - Cumulative time reporting is a normal aspect of AEM performance monitoring and does not inherently indicate a problem. It is simply a matter of interpreting the data correctly to ensure system health and efficiency.</b>*
