---
title: "Activity Map and Cross-domain tracking"
description: Description
solution: Customer Journey Analytics,Analytics
product: Customer Journey Analytics,Analytics
applies-to: "Customer Journey Analytics,Analytics"
keywords: "KCS, activity map, cross domain"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: True
article-created-by: Tanay Sharma .
article-created-date: "5/11/2023 1:06:45 PM"
article-published-by: Tanay Sharma .
article-published-date: "5/11/2023 1:08:48 PM"
version-number: 6
article-number: KA-20866
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=c9c012ab-fcef-ed11-8849-6045bd006079"

---
# Activity Map and Cross-domain tracking

## Description {#description}

<b>Environment</b><br><br>Analytics<br><br> <br><br><b>Issue/Symptoms</b>
Activity Map does not work when a user navigates from one domain to another or in cross-domain tracking scenarios.


## Resolution {#resolution}


Activity map is based on the `s_sq` cookie. This cookie contains information about the previous link clicked by the user.

AppMeasurement is designed to set the `s_sq` cookie on the originating domain of the originating page where the click occurs. The page then unloads, and the browser navigates to a new page. If the new page has the same base domain,  AppMeasurement finds the `s_sq` cookie, reads out the ActivityMap info in it and appends that ActivityMap info to the page view event. If the new page does not have the same base domain, `s_sq` cookie info is not found and not added to that page view event.

As a workaround,  `onclick="s.tl(...);"` can be set on that link to have AppMeasurement immediately send the Activity Map data instead of writing it to an `s_sq` cookie to be picked up on the next page view from that domain.



Note: even with an `s.tl()` call, the information will not be stitched to the destination domain. It will just help in capturing the information of the click, but that click information will not be tied to the destination page.




