---
title: "Unexpected image missing or broken links after asset move and publish in Experience Manager"
description: "Resolve the issue of missing images or broken links due to asset moves in Experience Manager."
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: "Experience Manager"
keywords: "KCS, AEM, Experience Manager, Image Missing, Broken Links After Asset Move and Publish"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-created-date: "5/28/2024 8:54:20 PM"
article-published-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-published-date: "5/28/2024 9:09:47 PM"
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-24285
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=dd4ace71-341d-ef11-840a-000d3a372703"

---
# Unexpected image missing or broken links after asset move and publish in Experience Manager


When you publish assets before the move operation fully completes, it may result in images going missing or links breaking on the published pages. This article explains the mechanisms behind such occurrences and the potential consequences they entail.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) as a Cloud Service

### Issue/Symptoms

<b>AEM’s behavior varies according to the replication permissions of the user:</b>

- <u>Users with Replication Permissions</u>: Such users, when moving or renaming a published asset, trigger AEM to update the links on pages referencing the asset to align with the changes. Simultaneously, AEM initiates an Unpublish/Publish cycle for the asset and the pages.
- <u>Users without Replication Permissions</u>: When a user moves a published asset, AEM updates the links on referencing pages and requests Unpublish/Publish approval from administrators. Once approved, AEM conducts the Unpublish/Publish cycle.


Issues arise when an asset awaiting Unpublish/Publish approval gets published by a *user with replication permissions*. This premature publishing leads to the asset being unpublished from its original path and republished at the new path; yet the links on referencing pages are not updated, resulting in broken links.

The following illustrates the sequence and possible issues when users with different replication permissions interact with asset move operations.

#### <b>Prerequisites:</b>

User A without Replication permission
 User B with Replication permission

<b>Initial State on Author and Publish Instances:</b>

On both Author and Publish instances, the asset `asset_original.jpg` exists and is referenced on PageA.

#### <b>Step-by-Step Issue Reproduction</b>

<b>Step 1:</b> User A renames `asset_original.jpg` to `asset_renamed.jpg`. The renamed asset is now awaiting approval and is marked as "In Workflow..." on the Author instance. On the Publish instance, the asset remains as `asset_original.jpg`.

<b>Step 2:</b> User B publishes `asset_renamed.jpg` on the Author instance. Consequently, on the Publish instance, the asset is renamed, but PageA still references `asset_original.jpg`, leading to a broken link.


## Resolution {#resolution}


To reduce the risk of broken links due to asset moves, it's important to quickly approve or complete any pending asset move operations.

In previous releases, the replication queue could get blocked without moving the original assets on the Publish instance. However, as of Release 15977, AEM has been enhanced to move the original assets on the Publish instance and prevent such blockages in the replication queue.
