---
title: 'AEM: partial page load with TooManyCallsException'
description: Learn how to solve a partial page load due to too many includes within the page.
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: Experience Manager
keywords: KCS, AEM, page does not load, TooManyCallsExceptions error, TooManyCallsExceptions, Adobe Experience Manager, troubleshooting, Experience Manager
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Victoria Barnato
article-created-date: 3/15/2024 5:50:41 PM
article-published-by: Victoria Barnato
article-published-date: 4/1/2024 4:28:08 PM
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-23902
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=091a9d84-f4e2-ee11-904d-6045bd006079
exl-id: f44b5433-7a6b-4ac4-9d50-c93ea733aa03
---
# AEM: partial page load with TooManyCallsException


To resolve the error with *TooManyCallsException,* increase by a very small increment (500) the value of <b>Number of Calls per Request</b> in the Apache Sling Main Servlet bundle.

## Description {#description}


### Environment

Adobe Experience Manager (AEM)

### Issue/Symptoms

A page loads partially and a *TooManyCallsException* error appears in the error log. This issue does not impact all pages. Some pages load fully.


## Resolution {#resolution}


<b>WARNING: </b>Test in lower environment, with real production content and simulate user activities, before changing the <b>Number of Calls per Request</b> property. An increase by a large factor is likely to cause performance and memory issues while rendering complex pages' structure. If it is necessary to increase only do so with a very small increment (500). 

Change the value of the <b>Number of Calls per Request</b> property in the Apache Sling Main Servlet bundle.

To edit the Apache Sling Main Servlet bundle via the <b>Configuration</b> tab of the Web Console, refer to [OSGi Configuration with the Web Console](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/experience-manager-65/content/implementing/deploying/configuring/configuring-osgi#osgi-configuration-with-the-web-console).

Alternatively, change the bundle using the direct URL to the Apache Sling Main Servlet:

1. Go to http://`<` aem-host`>` :`<` port`>` /system/console/configMgr/org.apache.sling.engine.impl.SlingMainServlet to access the Apache Sling Main Servlet bundle.
2. Start by increasing the property <b>Number of Calls per Request</b> from 1500 by a very small increment (500)  and see if this results in the removal of the *TooManyCallsException* error.

<br>Cause<br>
There are too many includes within the page. As too many includes cause performance issues, the OSGi configuration limits the number of includes in the SlingMainServlet.
