---
title: 'Adobe Campaign Standard: Inflated Campaign numbers from ACS in Adobe Analytics.'
description: Details the problem and solution of inflated data in Adobe Analytics sent from Campaign.
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: Campaign Standard
keywords: KCS, ACS, Analytics, Campaign, Reporting
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: CAMP-55561 as an example
bug: false
article-created-by: Shivam Jaiswal
article-created-date: 4/16/2024 3:03:46 PM
article-published-by: Craig Thonis
article-published-date: 4/17/2024 2:14:46 PM
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-24076
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=c92c7783-02fc-ee11-a1fe-6045bd04ed02
exl-id: fed04b3b-d697-4abc-bec2-c78e39384717
---
# Adobe Campaign Standard: Inflated Campaign numbers from ACS in Adobe Analytics.

## Description {#description}


Occasional discrepancies between the data in Campaign and Analytics can occur. One such example is when data on the Analytics side is displaying higher metrics than in Campaign.


## Resolution {#resolution}


To address this, the following steps should be executed:

- Confirm which metrics/system is correct. To do this, the tracking and delivery logs from the delivery should be confirmed, as ACS is considered the system of record.
- The next step is to validate that the two workflows in ACS, which are responsible for data sharing and reconciliation, are online, error-free, and are processing the current date data.
    - kpiReconciliation: This workflow retrieves KPIs from the Reporting service daily and compares them with Adobe Analytics data. Any disparities are then addressed, with adjustments made if necessary. By default, it initiates every day at 4:20 am.
    - kpiSharing: This workflow transfers KPI data from Adobe Campaign Standard to Adobe Analytics every 15 minutes.
    - For further details on these technical workflows, please refer to the documentation provided below: [Technical Workflow Documentation](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/campaign-standard/using/administrating/application-settings/technical-workflows#: :text=Technical%20workflows%20are%20used%20to,technical%20processes%20in%20Adobe%20Campaign.&amp;text=This%20workflow%20analyzes%20the%20tracking,it%20is%20started%20every%20day.)
- If the technical workflows are online and displaying without issue, Adobe Engineering must be engaged to reconcile the count disparity by using a manual kpiManualReconcile.js script, which will reconcile the data between the reporting repository (Druid) and Analytics.


Note: This reconciliation is time-sensitive. If the data is more than two or three months old, it may not be able to be reconciled.
