---
title: Troubleshooting TargetData display Campaign issue for custom target mapping in direct mail deliveries
description: Explore how to troubleshoot data display issues in direct mail deliveries with custom target mapping using Campaign's broad log schema.
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: Campaign Classic
keywords: KCS, Custom target mapping, Direct mail deliveries, TargetData, Custom Table, OOTB, Broad log schema, Workflow, Link creation, Campaign, Troubleshooting
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Eshaa Tiwari
article-created-date: 3/1/2024 3:01:48 PM
article-published-by: Eshaa Tiwari
article-published-date: 3/12/2024 2:42:24 PM
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-23799
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=661aa79b-dcd7-ee11-9078-6045bd006b25
exl-id: 217485b5-e7e4-4cba-a37e-5af3ea48fd6a
---
# Troubleshooting TargetData display Campaign issue for custom target mapping in direct mail deliveries


Learn how to navigate data display challenges in direct mail campaigns by integrating custom target mappings with Campaign's broad log schema.

## Description {#description}


### Environment

- Adobe Campaign Classic v7 (ACC v7)
- Adobe Campaign Classic v8 (ACC v8)


### Issue/Symptoms

A custom target mapping has been set up, utilizing a custom table as its target and the standard nmsBroadLogRcp schema as the broad log schema. The aim is to use this mapping for direct mail deliveries. However, users encounter an issue: targetData is not visible in the direct mail file.

Cause:

When users try to add data to the direct mail delivery file, Campaign redirects them to the broad log schema specified in the target mapping, which, in this case, is the nmsBroadLogRcp schema. The absence of a direct link between the customer table and nmsBroadLogRcp schema results in targetData not being displayed.


## Resolution {#resolution}


Before completing steps one to three of the Solution, ensure one of the following prerequisites are met:

- The target mapping utilizes a custom broadlogRcp table.
- Create a direct link between the custom schema and the nms:broadlogRcp schema.


Solution:

1. Set up a custom target mapping, using a custom table as the target and the OOTB nmsBroadLogRcp schema as the broad log schema. For more detailed steps, refer to [create a target mapping](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/campaign/campaign-v8/audience/add-profiles/target-mappings.html?lang=en#: :text=Browse%20to%20Administration%20%3E%20Campaign%20Management,%2C%20email%2C%20address%2C%20etc) in Campaign v8 Documentation.
2. Establish a workflow featuring a direct mail delivery that utilizes the custom target mapping.
3. Within the direct mail delivery definition, try to include targetData in the file definition; observe that the targetData is not visible.
