---
title: 'Scene7: Select the poster frame or video thumbnail'
description: Learn how to specify a specific video thumbnail or poster image in Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) in the context of Scene7, now known as Dynamic Media.
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: Experience Manager
keywords: KCS, Scene7, Dynamic Media, select, poster frame, video thumbnail, How To, AEM, Adobe Experience Manager, videoPlayer.posterimage=, VideoPlayer, posterimage
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Jim Menn
article-created-date: 4/11/2024 12:10:12 AM
article-published-by: Jim Menn
article-published-date: 4/11/2024 3:55:04 AM
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-24053
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=fe2c2fd9-97f7-ee11-a1fe-6045bd006268
exl-id: 9715af8f-57f1-466d-baae-309de4a77e9d
---
# Scene7: Select the poster frame or video thumbnail


Learn how to specify a specific video thumbnail or poster image in Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) in the context of Scene7, now known as Dynamic Media.

## Description {#description}


### Environment

Adobe Experience Manager (AEM)

### Issue

Learn how to specify a specific video thumbnail or poster image in Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) in the context of Scene7, now known as Dynamic Media.


## Resolution {#resolution}


### Method 1: Using AEM User Interface

1.    Navigate to the uploaded video asset for which you want to change the thumbnail.
2.    In <b>asset selection</b> mode, from either the <b>List View</b> or <b>Card View</b>, select the video asset.
3.    Click on the <b>Properties</b> icon (a circle with an “i” in it) on the toolbar.
4.    On the video’s <b>Properties</b> page, click on <b>Change Thumbnail</b>.
5.    On the <b>Change Thumbnail</b> page, you can either: 
    o    Select <b>Select Frame from video</b> from the toolbar. Play the video, and pause on the frame you want to capture as the video’s new thumbnail.
    o    Or, select <b>Select Thumbnail from Assets</b> from the toolbar. Navigate to a previously uploaded and published image asset that you want to use as the thumbnail. The chosen asset will be automatically resized to serve as a thumbnail image for the video.
6.    <b>Save</b> the changes.

For more detailed instructions, you can refer to the [Video in Dynamic Media](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/experience-manager-65/content/assets/dynamic/video) in the AEM user guide.

### Method 2: Using Scene7 Viewer URL

You can specify a poster image for a video by appending a URL parameter directly to the viewer URL of the video.

Here's an example:
`http://<anyexample.com>/path/to/video?s7viewer&videoPlayer.posterimage=/path/to/image.jpg`
In this URL, `/path/to/video` is the path to the video and `/path/to/image.jpg` is the path to the image you want to use as a poster image.

Notes:
•    All videos in AEM must have an associated thumbnail; you can't delete a thumbnail without replacing it.
•    By default, when you upload a video to AEM, the first frame is used as the thumbnail. However, the Scene7 algorithm advances along the video timeline until a contrasting frame is found if the first frame is monochromatic, to avoid using frames like black intros or scene transitions as thumbnails.

For further details, you can refer to the [VideoPlayer.posterimage](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/dynamic-media-developer-resources/library/viewers-aem-assets-dmc/video/command-reference-configuration-attributes-video/r-html5-video-viewer-conf-attrib-videoplayer-posterimage) article in AEM's Dynamic Media Viewers Reference Guide.
