---
title: "How to restore a deleted content path in AEM as a Cloud Service"
description: "Learn to restore a deleted content path in Adobe Experience Manager as a Cloud Service."
solution: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service
product: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service
applies-to: "Experience Manager as a Cloud Service"
keywords: "KCS, AEM as a Cloud Service, content path, restore"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: "E-001093239,E-000537154,E-000539815"
bug: False
article-created-by: Zita Rodricks
article-created-date: "5/30/2024 3:23:40 PM"
article-published-by: Zita Rodricks
article-published-date: "5/30/2024 3:24:14 PM"
version-number: 5
article-number: KA-23505
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=bc363094-981e-ef11-840a-000d3a372703"

---
# How to restore a deleted content path in AEM as a Cloud Service


If you need to find different ways to restore a specific content path in Adobe Experience Manager as a Cloud Service, please refer to this article.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

Adobe Experience Manager as a Cloud Service



### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

What are the available options to restore a particular content path in AEM as a Cloud Service.


## Resolution {#resolution}


There are a few options to restore the deleted content path in AEM as a Cloud Service depending on the type of path.

1. If a package for the deleted path is available, install the package again using the Package Manager.


2. If the deleted path was a page in Sites, use the *Restore Tree* function. Check out the AEM as a Cloud Service User Guide for [Working with Page Versions](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-manager-cloud-service/content/sites/authoring/features/page-versions.html) for more information.


3. If the deleted path was an assets folder and the original files are available, re-upload them via the Assets console.


4. If none of the above options work and the contents of the deleted path are significant, raise a support case for a full restore. However, please note the *CAUTION* section of the manual [Backup and Restore in AEM as a Cloud Service](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-manager-cloud-service/content/operations/backup.html).

    This feature should only be used when there are serious issues with either code or content. Restoring a backup will result in the loss of recent data between the time of the backup and the present. Staging is also restored to the old version.




<b>Ask Questions In Our Experience League Campaign Community</b>

If you have any questions you'd like answered about this topic, or read previous answered-questions, we invite you to view our [Experience League Community blog post](https://experienceleaguecommunities.adobe.com/t5/adobe-experience-manager-blogs/introducing-top-kcs-articles-curated-for-your-aem/ba-p/672734#M1180) that includes this article, send us your questions and comments, and join our Experience League Campaign Community!


