---
title: Complete text in a push message is not displayed
description: Learn to fix the Adobe Campaign Standard issue to display complete text in a push message. Add an implementation of FirebaseMessagingService in your app.
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: Campaign Standard
keywords: KCS, ACS, text in push message, FirebaseMessagingService
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: true
article-created-by: Zita Rodricks
article-created-date: 10/10/2023 3:27:57 PM
article-published-by: Zita Rodricks
article-published-date: 10/12/2023 5:45:06 PM
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-22980
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=4c315395-8167-ee11-9ae7-6045bd006b25
exl-id: a3cbbdef-6a84-42a3-892d-1f0818b13a91
---
# Complete text in a push message is not displayed


This article works as a quick solution to display the complete text in a push message by adding an implementation of `FirebaseMessagingService` in the app.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

Campaign Standard



### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

Complete text in a push message is not displayed in Adobe Campaign Standard (ACS)



<b>Steps to reproduce:</b>

In ACS, create and send a push message notification to the Android App and observe that the notification is received but not displaying full text message.


## Resolution {#resolution}

<b>Solution:</b>
Add implementation of `FirebaseMessagingService` to create notification (in notification panel). If this is not added/implemented, then probably Android OS is displaying the notifications (in notification panel) with default style.

The <b>Campaign SDK</b> does not create notification (displayed in notification panel) OOB. SDK uses a specific style and Android OS takes care of resizing it and rendering it on the right side. In case of push notifications, add a code for creating notification UI. A new implementation of `FirebaseMessagingService` should be added on the app to customize the style of notification displayed (in notification panel), like enabling multiple lines for long messages.



Following Android documentation shows how to use *BigTextStyle* to show multiline message in notifications:
[Add a large block of text](https://developer.android.com/develop/ui/views/notifications/expanded#large-style)


<b>Cause:</b>
It is not related to ACS, but to how the Android App code is designed.
