---
title: Problem with heredity of Experience Fragments allowed templates
description: Learn to fix the issue with heredity of allowed templates for Experience Fragments in Adobe Experience Manager.
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: Experience Manager
keywords: KCS, AEM, Heredity, allowed templates, Experience Fragments, Adobe Experience Manager
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Amol Mahajan
article-created-date: 6/7/2024 8:46:19 AM
article-published-by: Amol Mahajan
article-published-date: 6/7/2024 8:51:01 AM
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-21002
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=55101a62-aa24-ef11-840a-000d3a5bee19
exl-id: ffc7ecfb-fb1e-4c68-bac4-c830be967166
---
# Problem with heredity of Experience Fragments allowed templates


There was an issue with the inheritance of <b>allowed templates</b> for Experience Fragments in Adobe Experience Manager. While it worked well in the Development environment, it didn't function properly in the Production environment. In production, it was needed to set the <b>allowed templates</b> on every folder, while in development, the editors could create Experience Fragments in any folder without adding <b>allowed templates</b>. The article describes a solution to this problem.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

- Adobe Experience Manager
- Experience Fragments




### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

There was an issue with the heredity of allowed templates for Experience Fragments.

In production, they needed to set the allowed templates on every folder where the editors needed to be able to create Experience Fragments while in dev the editors could create Experience Fragments in any folder without the need to add allowed templates.


## Resolution {#resolution}


While checking the instances it was noticed that on their Dev author for the Experience Fragments, they had the following Allowed templates configured for Experience fragments `[` 1`]`  while on the Prod instance, they had `[` 2`]` .

After setting the same allowed templates on both instances, they were able to create Experience Fragments in Production without the need to add the templates to each folder.



When setting the allowed templates in Experience Fragments configuration the user configures the Allowed Templates for the entire Instance while otherwise, the user configures them at the folder level.

However, the templates configured at the instance level can be overwritten upon upgrade.



`[` 1`]`  DEV

https://author-pxxxxx-eyyyyyy.adobeaemcloud.com/ui#/aem/aem/start.html

Experience fragments - configure - Allowed templates:

/libs/cq/experience-fragments/components/experiencefragment/template

/conf/folder/settings/wcm/templates/xf-template


`[` 2`]`  PROD

https://author-pxxxxx-ezzzzzz.adobeaemcloud.com/ui#/aem/aem/start.html

Experience fragments - configure - Allowed templates:

/libs/cq/experience-fragments/components/experiencefragment/template



For more information on how to <b>Configure the Allowed Templates for your Folder</b>, follow this link:

[AEM as a Cloud Service Experience Fragments](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/experience-manager-cloud-service/content/sites/authoring/fragments/experience-fragments#configure-allowed-templates-folder) User Guide.
