---
title: "Adobe Experience Manager: Dynamic Media publishes updated images immediately"
description: "Learn how to resolve the Dynamic Media Scene7 Mode issue where Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) automatically uploads images to Dynamic Media."
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: "Experience Manager"
keywords: "KCS, Adobe Experience Manager, AEM, Dynamic Media, publish, updated images, immediately, Troubleshooting, AEMaaCS, Adobe Experience Manager as a Cloud Service, AEM 6.5, Scene7 Mode"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: "E-000575208, E-000752746"
bug: False
article-created-by: Jim Menn
article-created-date: "6/24/2024 9:16:49 PM"
article-published-by: Jim Menn
article-published-date: "6/24/2024 9:23:00 PM"
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-21180
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=415aa50f-6f32-ef11-8409-000d3a5a67ba"

---
# Adobe Experience Manager: Dynamic Media publishes updated images immediately


AEM automatically uploads images to Dynamic Media even with "Upon Activation" configuration. When you update a published image with the same file name into AEM, the updated image will go public immediately. If you need to review a new image before publishing, upload the image with a different name.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

- Adobe Experience Manager as a Cloud Service (AEMaaCS)
- Adobe Experience Manager 6.5 (AEM 6.5)
- Dynamic Media Scene7 Mode




### <b>Issue</b>

When you upload an image to AEM with Dynamic Media Scene7 mode, AEM also sends the image to Dynamic Media.
This article explains a pitfall related to this behavior.


## Resolution {#resolution}


AEM automatically uploads images to Dynamic Media even with "Upon Activation" configuration. When you update a published image with the same file name into AEM, the updated image will go public immediately.
Because the image content is overwritten while the published status is kept intact on Dynamic Media.
Due to this behavior, there is a possibility of unexpected image publication.

Example:
1. Upload a new image to AEM.
2. AEM automatically uploads the image to Dynamic Media. At this stage, the image is in unpublished status.
3. Publish the image on AEM.
4. Dynamic Media marks the image as published status.
5. Upload a new image with the same file name as a published image to AEM.
6. AEM automatically uploads the image to Dynamic Media. The image is then overwritten. But it's already in published status on Dynamic Media.

If you need to review a new image before publishing, upload the image with a different name.
