---
title: Not able to move experience fragments | AEM
description: Learn to fix the Adobe Experience Manager issue where moving an experience fragment process never completes.
solution: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service,Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service,Experience Manager
applies-to: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service,Experience Manager Sites,Experience Manager 6.5
keywords: 'KCS, experience fragment, XF, AEM, '
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: true
article-created-by: Amol Mahajan
article-created-date: 1/15/2024 11:46:44 AM
article-published-by: Amol Mahajan
article-published-date: 1/15/2024 3:01:04 PM
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-23391
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=d12eccbf-9bb3-ee11-a569-6045bd006149
exl-id: 87dd7154-e3f9-4aef-88ab-1eed62247d84
---
# Not able to move experience fragments | AEM


When someone attempts to move a content fragment in Adobe Experience Manager 6.5, the UI will spin, and the move operation is not processed completely. Follow the steps given in this article to resolve the issue.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

- Experience Manager 6.5


- Experience Manager as a Cloud Service




### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

When someone attempts to move a content fragment, sometimes the UI will spin, and the move operation is not processed completely.

- Not able to move experience fragments.
- The *Move page...*status window popup spins and never completes.
- The issue is occasional - It can be successful when moving to some folders and not others.
- The success seems to depend on the number of nodes in the destination folder.





## Resolution {#resolution}

<b>Solution</b>
Follow the steps given below to resolve the issue:



1. Browse to your [configuration manager](http://localhost:4502/system/console/configMgr) and edit the configuration for *Apache Sling Get Servlet*. For cloud environments, edit the configuration `org.apache.sling.servlets.get.DefaultGetServlet.`
2. Increase the value for *JSON Max Results*. The count towards the JSON Limit is the number of all the children and grandchildren (resources) of the target folder. So, if the target folder is /a/b/c, then the count is all resources in /a/b/c and their children.
3. Clear the browser cache.
4. Retest the use case. A restart is not required.


It is recommended to limit the number of assets in a folder to 1000, as outlined in the below documents. There is no need to increase this number to more than 3000. As long as we comply with this recommendation, we should not experience any performance issues with this configuration.

Go through below mentioned documentation links for more information:

- [Contribution is Limited to 1000 Assets Per Folder in AEM Nodes](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-cloud-kcs/kbarticles/KA-21172.html)
- [AEM 6.5 Assets sizing guide](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/experience-manager-65/assets/administer/assets-sizing-guide.html)
- [Best Practices when Using Jackrabbit Oak](https://jackrabbit.apache.org/oak/docs/dos_and_donts.html)
