---
title: client_secret in the IMS configuration is getting unset
description: Whenever the AEM server is restarted, the IMS configuration will stop working and the user has to go into the configuration and resave it.
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: Experience Manager
keywords: KCS, crypto, key, bundle, storage, jcr, hmac, master
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Alison Sanchez
article-created-date: 3/15/2024 11:11:02 PM
article-published-by: Alison Sanchez
article-published-date: 3/18/2024 11:36:24 PM
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-23909
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=10374947-21e3-ee11-904c-6045bd006b25
exl-id: ac5682d4-24c3-482e-b31e-35a58969d720
---
# client_secret in the IMS configuration is getting unset


In some Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) environments, particularly those upgraded from earlier versions, administrators may encounter an issue where the IMS configuration fails after an AEM restart. The health check associated with IMS configurations consistently fails, indicating an inability to authenticate using the configured client_secret. The following error is seen:
<br><br>{"error":"invalid_client","error_description":"invalid client_secret parameter"}<br><br>
A temporary fix is to resave the IMS configuration, which resolves the problem until the next AEM restart. This behavior often occurs because the crypto keys (hmac and master) are stored in the Java Content Repository (JCR) instead of in the bundle's file storage, as expected in recent AEM versions.

## Description {#description}


After upgrading AEM from older versions (e.g., 6.2 or below) to newer versions (6.3 or above), the method for storing crypto keys changes from JCR storage to filesystem storage. This change requires manual intervention to ensure that the hmac and master keys are correctly relocated for AEM to function properly after a restart. Failure to do so can result in authentication problems with services like IMS, as the keys used to encrypt and decrypt sensitive information are not found in the expected location. Symptoms of this issue include the IMS configuration working only until an AEM restart, after which health checks fail until the configuration is resaved manually.


## Resolution {#resolution}


To resolve this issue and ensure that IMS configurations remain stable across AEM restarts, follow these steps:

1. Go to crxde and navigate to /etc/key and inside that node there should be a master property and a hmac property. Download those files
2. Download the property by clicking on the values for those properties
3. Go to `<` hostname`>` /system/console/bundles and search for "Crypto"
4. Note the bundle ID for the bundle labeled "Adobe Granite Crypto Bundle Key Provider com.adobe.granite.crypto.file
5. Note the budle ID for the bundle labeled "Adobe Granite Crypto Support com.adobe.granite.crypto"
6. Stop AEM
7. On your aem server, navigate to Navigate to crx-quickstart/launchpad/felix/`<` bundleID`>` /data, where `<` bundleID`>`  is from step 5
8. There is a file named storage in the data directory, download [this storage file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cqsupport/fix-instructions/master/move-crypto-keys/storage) ([https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cqsupport/fix-instructions/master/move-crypto-keys/storage](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cqsupport/fix-instructions/master/move-crypto-keys/storage)) and replace the one currently on the server. You must replace the file instead of just changing the value from JCR to Bundle because the file must not have a newline char at the end, most editors like vi add a newline char.
9. Go to to the directory crx-quickstart/launchpad/felix/bundle${FILE_BUNDLE_ID}/data, where ${FILE_BUNDLE_ID} is replaced by the "Bundle Id" value from step 4 (the com.adobe.granite.crypto.file bundle ID).
10. Copy the hmac and master files that you donwloaded in step 2 to this location.
11. Verfiy the hmac and master files are the same that you downloaded.

    The commands would be:

    


    ```
    md5sum hmac    md5sum master
    ```



    Ensure that the output is the same for the downloaded files and the replaced files.
12. Start AEM.
13. Remove the hmac and master properties from /etc/key and make sure to save.


By following these steps, you relocate the crypto keys from the JCR to the filesystem, aligning with the storage method expected in newer AEM versions. This ensures that AEM can consistently access the keys for encryption and decryption operations, thereby maintaining stable IMS configurations across restarts.

It is recommended to test these changes in a lower environment before applying them to production systems.
