---
title: "PDF naming conventions in Dynamic Media / DMS7"
description: Learn how the naming conventions work with PDF files in the Adobe Dynamic Media Classic.
solution: Dynamic Media Classic
product: Dynamic Media Classic
applies-to: "Dynamic Media Classic"
keywords: "KCS, Dynamic Media, DMS7, PDF naming conventions"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Amol Mahajan
article-created-date: "12/6/2023 3:06:02 PM"
article-published-by: Amol Mahajan
article-published-date: "12/6/2023 3:07:13 PM"
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-23162
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=588b67f2-4894-ee11-be37-6045bd006e5a"

---
# PDF naming conventions in Dynamic Media / DMS7


When you upload a PDF in the Dynamic Media Classic, it is called *assetnamepdf* without a dot. This article will help you know about the naming conventions for the PDF files in Adobe Dynamic Media.

## Description {#description}


### <b>Environment</b>

Dynamic Media Classic



### <b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

What is the naming convention for pdfs uploaded into Dynamic Media?


## Resolution {#resolution}


Historically, the main purpose for the upload of PDF assets into DM was to create an asset called an <b>eCatalog</b> which can be viewed in the <b>html5 eCatalog viewer</b>.

This workflow has always been maintained in the setup. There are 2 ways of uploading a pdf into <b>DMS7</b>, or synchronizing a pdf from <b>AEM</b> to <b>DMS7</b>:

1. Without any kind of processing `(jobOptions - pdfprocessing=none)` if you would upload a pdf called *abc.pdf* with this option, the pdf in the DMS7 system will be called *abc*.

    
    Since a pdf is a static asset however, and <b>VirtualID</b> serving of static assets is by default turned on, you can also request the pdf with the full <b>path+extension</b>. If it was uploaded into the root folder of your production instance called *company*, it could be requested as `http://server.scene7.com/is/content/company/abc.pdf` if it would be in a subfolder called *subfolder*, then the URL would be: `http://server.scene7.com/is/content/company/subfolder/abc.pdf`


2. With any processing `(pdfprocess=thumbnail or any other option)`. With this option, the ID of the asset itself is reserved for the <b>eCatalog</b>.

    
    The ID with -1, -2, etc. is for the page images. The ID with pdf attached is for the original pdf file, which is by default not published, even though a publish action is indicated as part of the upload.

     For example

     

    abc - eCatalog

    abc-1 - image of the first page

    abc-2 - image of the 2nd page etc.

    abcpdf - original pdf

    The full path pdf calling above also works for this option, but you'd need to explicitly make sure it is published, since it will not get published automatically.


This is the way the naming convention for PDF files has always been and is intended to be for DynamicMedia.
