---
title: How is AEP data secured when transmitted to different destinations?
description: Description
solution: Customer Journey Analytics, Experience Platform,Real-Time Customer Data Platform
product: Customer Journey Analytics, Experience Platform,Real-time Customer Data Platform
applies-to: Customer Journey Analytics, Experience Platform,Real-time Customer Data Platform
keywords: KCS, destination, data encryption, data, security, AEP, RT-CDP, Adobe, Target, Campaign
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-created-date: 3/13/2023 8:07:34 PM
article-published-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-published-date: 3/13/2023 8:09:51 PM
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-21593
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=702212af-dac1-ed11-83ff-6045bd0065b6
exl-id: dd01ade7-8dfa-4f8f-ad77-025c5fea94ee
---
# How is AEP data secured when transmitted to different destinations?

## Description {#description}


<b>Environment</b>

- Adobe Experience Platform (AEP)
- Real-time Customer Data Platform


<b>Issues/Symptoms</b>

How is the AEP data being secured when transmitting out to different destinations, such as encryption, authentication, among others?


## Resolution {#resolution}


Generally speaking, the support for encryption depends on the type of destination.

For cloud storage destinations we offer optional PGP encryption, for SFTP we support latest key exchange ciphers and we generally disallow older less secure ciphers.

For the rest of the destinations their APIs are usually over https/tls and as clients, we must conform to whatever they support.

Note - Unencrypted channels are not used.

Exceptions exist for *external* destinations like Facebook, Pinterest, etc. — where calls do go over public internet, but are secured by access tokens + SSL.

We also have other batch destinations where we use SFTP or secure cloud storage to exchange data.



These principles also apply to Adobe destinations - mainly Adobe Target & Adobe Campaign. All calls to these destinations (Target, Campaign) happen in a secure / private way:

- For Target, all the data goes via Edge destination publish which happens via a private transport mechanism that goes via networks hosted by Adobe across clouds.

- For Campaign, the data is securely stored and read using Azure storage (private data landing zones). Data transfer happens after secure authentication, via SSL channels,
