---
title: "Adobe Campaign Classic: ‘Feedback_loop_’ bounce for failed email deliveries"
description: "This articles explains the Campaign Classic issue of failed email deliveries resulting from Feedback_loop_ bounces."
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: "Campaign Classic,Campaign"
keywords: "KCS, Tracking Open logs for failed deliveries, Feedback loop, Inbound email bounce, ACC, "
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-created-date: "6/12/2024 3:46:31 PM"
article-published-by: Nayanika Chakravarty
article-published-date: "6/12/2024 4:54:39 PM"
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-22531
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=3c4ab7eb-d228-ef11-840b-0022480a40c2"

---
# Adobe Campaign Classic: ‘Feedback_loop_’ bounce for failed email deliveries


This articles explains the Campaign Classic issue of failed email deliveries resulting from `Feedback_loop_`bounces. This issue can be resolved by configuring the platform to block future deliveries to recipients who have registered complaints.

## Description {#description}


### Environment

- Adobe Campaign
- Adobe Campaign Classic


### Issue/Symptoms

You can see <b>Tracking Open</b> logs for failed deliveries with the following bounces:

- `Inbound email bounce (rule 'Feedback_loop_Yahoo' has matched this bounce).`
- `Inbound email bounce (rule 'Feedback_loop_Hotmail' has matched this bounce).`
- `Inbound email bounce (rule 'Feedback_loop_xxxxx' has matched this bounce).`



## Resolution {#resolution}


Here's what happens when a `Feedback_loop_` bounce is received:

A *feedback loop* declares at the ISP level a given email address for a range of IP addresses used for sending messages. The ISP will send the messages that are reported by you (or other recipients) as spam to this mailbox (in a similar way as what is done for bounce messages).

The issue here can be resolved by configuring the platform to block future deliveries to you and other users who have complained. It is important that you are no longer contacted even if you did not use the proper opt-out link.

It is on the basis of these complaints that an ISP blacklists an IP address. Depending on the ISP, a complaint rate of around 1% will result in the blacklisting of an IP address.

In other words, *feedback loops* operate like bounce emails:

1. Message is initially accepted by your server and delivered to you.
2. You may open/click on the email first, but then decide to qualify the email as spam.
3. The MBP in this case will send back a report to ACC regarding this complaint, which is called feedback.
4. Now, because you have opened/clicked on the email in this case, the tracking data will reflect that.


For more information on *feedback loops*, please refer to our documentation on [Campaign Classic - Technical Recommendations](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/deliverability-learn/deliverability-best-practice-guide/additional-resources/campaign/acc-technical-recommendations.html?lang=en#feedback-loop-acc).
